Title: The Origin, P&H&E, P1 - 1857

On December 29th, 1857, In the middle of World War:0, two men arrived at the River's Edge apartment complex , They were both dressed casually; they rang the buzzer for room 201. A young woman appeared behind the peephole. She smiled brightly at them before opening the door, inviting them inside. As she led them down the hallway towards their rooms, the older man pulled out an envelope containing documents that had been faxed to him earlier today. He handed this off to the younger man who quickly scanned through the documents. "Yep it's legit, this is everything we know about the hidden Crack supply under the city", "Good" said the older man. The younger man looked around quickly to see if the woman was around before speaking, "Are you sure we can trust her, Perish?", "No, but who the hell else has all this information, Helmbecker?" "Good Point" said the woman, "I'm the only one that our moron of a general Drake "The Wappah" Cambridge would ever trust with this information". "umm heyy I'm sorry I don't think we've ever met, umm... Who are you exactly?" "It's Emmeline, Emmeline Peters. But there's no time for full introductions, If we want to convince our stupid General to fire off the racism beam at the Crack supply were going to have to also going to need some type of cover up operation to stop people from knowing were harvesting all the resources" "Leave that to us" Said Perish " We have it all under control all you have to do is make sure that the new Federation of Homophobia, racisim and penisballs, or whatever the hell it's called to send out that racism beam and we can have the New World all to ourselves". "Yes, and we can call our new group P&H&E" said Emmeline, "Um yeah something like that" said Helmbecker .After leaving the apartment building, the two men climbed into their car, which they'd parked across the street. They drove away silently, each lost deep in thought. Two hours later, the car returned to its starting point near the Apartment Complex. After parking the vehicle, the two men got out and waited for the same woman to appear. She opened the door, smiling brightly at the two men once again. "Hello gentlemen!" said Emmeline. "Is your business finished?" said Helmbecker she nodded and both Helmbecker and Perish entered the apartment closing the door behind them, "We convinced the Mayor that the center of the blast would be 5 kilometers to the right, but he has no idea that the Crack supply is the real center of the new world", said helmbecker. "Excellent tonight we celebrate, because tomorrow we take action," said Emmeline. END





Title: The Founding of Cambridge, 1858 (PRELUDE)

9/11 Grove Street, Cambridge, Ontario, January, 4th, 1858. The jews were fighting the Germans after the invasion of North America for its natural Crack supply. Icelandctica decided to join the fight to defend the Crack and together they formed the International Federation of Racism, sexism, and homophobia. Together through this new alliance they created a project to invent a new racial slur that was so powerful it would take out all the German infantry simultaneously, they came up with the now world renowned "N-Word". With this new slur, they created the most powerful weapon known to man using the sheer energy of the "N-Word", the racism beam. The lead scientist of the "N-Word" project was Drake "The Wappah" Cambridge. His homie and trusted number 2 Dr.Doofenshmirtz was able to stop the evil German army from destroying Iceland, Israel and all of North America during World War ZERO:0 by deploying the new racism beam. After the Beam was deployed all the German artillery in North America was obliterated, as well as the land around where the beam was deployed. The Federation decided to use the destroyed land to rebuild their territory starting by building a city directly over where the beam hit, they decided to name the new city "Cambridge".{ "Came" (projectile), "Bridge" (a gap filled to new beginnings)}. "A land where anything is possible (with enough lube and meth) END





Title: The Construction of Cambridge, 1859

About One year and a few months after the rubble and ash of the "N-word" Beam was finally cleared out. The future Mayor of Cambridge Drake and his friend/colleague Dr.Doofenshmirtz were finally ready to construct the town of Cambridge. However a new secret group had other plans, More nefarious plans to separate Cambridge up and claim the Crack for themselves, their name was "P&H Milling group" P&H was made up of the three wealthiest families in the entire country and they were determined to get their hands on the Crack. They hired a group of private investigators who infiltrated Drake and his friends' camp, they got the information of what the construction site was being built into and then lured them away with the promise of a huge payday. One night while Doofenshmirtz was walking back from the construction site, he was ambushed by the P&H operatives and taken captive. A few hours later two P&H men showed up at the construction site and took the opportunity to kidnap Drake, the Mayor of Cambridge. Now that the P&H men had the construction plans they altered the plans to put the P&H Headquarters directly over the Crack mines of Cambridge. After the plans were set the P&H men demanded that Doofenshmirtz and Drake follow the plans out. The men agreed to construct the new city for they feared they might be killed by the ruthless unknown men. Drake and Doffenshmirtz constructed the city using the plans provided by the P&H men and when the city was finished they turned it over to the P&H men. Once the P&H men moved in they immediately started extracting more Crack from the Crack Mines, even though the Crack was worthless to them in its basic form, but with new their milling tech, they could reverse engineer the Crack into the highest quality Cocaine, it was worth millions... no... BILLIONS of dollars. Now the P&H men controlled the entire city's Crack supply, all from the shadows. Nobody would ever know about the evil corporation until many years later. but that's a story for another day. END





Title: "Fistsfulls Upon Fistfulls of Cocaine" - Doofenshmirtz, 1863

It's the year 1863 and the government of Cambridge is panicking, the General and Mayor of Cambridge Drake has learned of a supposed domestic group that is filling the streets with Crack Cocaine. Drake is usually a peaceful general who tries to solve things with words not violence but this time he's had enough. Drake has ordered his leading scientist and personal friend Dr.Doofenshmirtz to create a new generation of soldiers who could fight forever without running out and energy and would never disobey orders. Dr.Doofenshmirtz then decided to use the unknown domestic terror groups' own drugs against them to create super soldiers who could protect the streets 24/7. Dr. Doofenshmirtz- "Okay, now we need to make sure these super-soldiers are very loyal to me so I can give them orders at anytime, Thankfully the fistfulls upon fistfulls of Cocaine i've personally stuffed into their asses I have basically melted their brains so that won't be a problem". "Good work Dr. Doofenshmirtz, your genius is unmatched! Now let's take care of those Crack suppliers!" Drake then sends his army of Cracked out super-soldiers to the streets of Cambridge in order to find and stop the domestic terrorists. The super-soldiers soon found all the local low level dealers and poobed on them, yet Drake and Doofenshmirtz still hadn't heard any news on what was going on. But the super-soldiers were too busy killing everybody around them to really pay attention to anything else. In Fact the Cracked out soldiers were so distracted they started to harass the civilians. "Oh no! We need to get rid of them before they start causing trouble, Doofenshmirtz quickly do something!"said drake "Don't worry i've got a fail-safe for this'' Doofenshmirtz hits a goofy ahhh sized button on his desk and the soldiers slowed down. They didn't really stop attacking and harassing people, it was just much much much much slower. The citizens of Cambridge were starting to get angry at the slow moving people and began to attack them, even though they were only doing about 1% of the damage they were capable of, Drake realized he had made a mistake by giving Doofenshmirtz a literal metric tonne of Cocaine. Now there are just a bunch of Cracked out people all over the streets of Cambridge at all times. Great, Just great. END





Title: "Solanaceae...? Solanaceae-Whaaaaaaat",1868

The year is 1868, years after their massive Crack Cocaine soldiers plan failed, Mayor of Cambridge and his homie Dr.Doofenshmirtz came up with a new idea. If they could find a substitute for Crack they could have a new era of super soldiers that would obey orders and not be absolutely insane. It was while thinking up this plan Drake came up with another idea too. If he could make a substitute for Crack he could give it to civilians to stop the unknown suppliers. there is only one problem, where could he even find a substitute? That's when it all came together. Dr.Doofenshmirtz just happened to have heard of a place where drugs are literally everywhere, Brazil. Drake and Doofenshmirtz and a new plan. Find the ultra rare Solanaceae plant from Brazil and return to Cambridge, only one thing stood in their way. How were they going to do it? With a little help from the mad scientist's old enemy, Perry the MF Platypus and his army of lil animal homies he thought this might work, and it did. Their plan worked, even more than they planned, they didn't get the plant, they got the entire forest! It was pretty easy to sneak it back to Cambridge since finding a sober person in Brazil is harder than finding a normal person in Ohio, literally no Brazilian cared. However the animals of the forest did, they started to follow them back, but when their leader, General Suppa Koopa, a red turtle from the Mushroom Kingdom (Famously located in the Italian-Brazilian DMZ/Embassy) saw what had been done to his home, he knew something must be done. He rallied the animals and marched on the city of Cambridge, Doofenshmirtz, Drake and Perry were no match for the force that followed the general, but they had a secret weapon. The leftover Crack from the failed Cracked out Soldiers project. The animals of the Brazilian Mushroom Kingdom instantly accepted the gift, some even moved to Cambridge for more. (That's why it's said in the forests of Cambridge if you do enough mushrooms beforehand you can see unique magical animals). With the Crack replacement in hand the three friends now had to find a way to extract the effects of the berries into a non-poisonous form. They tried many things, like injecting it directly into the bloodstream, drinking it, smoking it etc. But nothing seemed to work, then one day Doofenshmirtz had an idea. What about if we use the old Crack formula? With that in mind he went back to his lab and made a new batch using a rusty ass pan, a shit covered mason jar and boiled water so muddy even a starving African child would refuse to drink it and it was then doofenshmirtz came to two new conclusions, One, the plant works amazingly, two, The plant is a type of opium, literally the opposite of Crack. As sad as that sounds there may still be another use for this. But of course, that use would not be discovered for a few decades END





Title: P&H&E	P2, The Crackies, 1870

It was 1870, 13 years after the P&H Milling group was founded, it wasn't all that easy to sell Crack but if you wanted a really big bang for your buck then you had to go with P&H, it was so good they were even selling it to the cops, which was unheard of because nobody ever got on good terms with the cops in Cambridge, Now if they caught you on Crack they would "Arrest you" then immediately drop you off three blocks away! The three founders decided to meet at the newly constructed P&H Milling site built right over the Crack mines to try and find a way to launder off all their newly acquired dirty money. But they weren't exactly the most academic bunch. They were more interested in making money than anything else. so when an idea like 'what about running some heroin?' came up, they were quick to get on board. and what better place to buy heroin from other dealers than the drug dens lined up in the back alleys behind King Street? There was only one problem, All the heroin was basically hidden away in several scattered government facilities by Drake the Mayor of Cambridge as emergency fail-safe to ensure that if the Cracked out soldiers stop moving all slowly and start to regain speed they can be stopped easily with the heroin. "Let's say we do find a way into those secret locations," said Helmbecker. "How are we going to get the heroin?" "I think I have an idea." Emmeline replied. They spent the rest of the night planning. The Next Day, Emmeline, Perish and helmbecker went to King Street to scope out people who might know about the heroin facilities, but there was nobody around. They walked along the street and found a few homeless people living in the abandoned buildings, presumably former goofy ahh Cracked soldiers, "We need to find someone who knows where they're operating," said Emmeline to the Cracked, No response . Perish then asked the other one if he knew anything. He just laughed, then he flashed his wang at Perish while hitting the griddy, Standard "Cracked" response,"I think we should just head back to our new base," said Helmbecker. "Yeah that might be a good Idea", Right as they were about to leave they heard one of  the "Cracked" yelled "Welcome to the House of Holes!". The former soldiers lead them to a small house a block down. as they entered the building. It looked like it hadn't been used since the town's construction. The walls were covered with poob graffiti and they could still smell the pee and see the cummies that had soaked into the concrete over the years. There were several rooms leading off from the entrance, some of which looked like they'd been turned into drug-making facilities. There was also an old kitchen area at the far end. "Wait, how is this possible, I thought Drake took all the Opioids." Emmeline said. 'Well how about you come over here and see for yourself?'' Said Perish. "Sure thing," said Emmeline as she walked towards the door "Oh and Helmbecker, why don't you stand outside the door and make sure it's safe out there". As soon as Emmeline opened it, she got a whiff of what must have once been the most potent shit in history. She had to hold her nose just to get through the doorway. "Pooby Wooby ''! This place smells like absolute ass!" said Emmeline as she saw the room beyond the doorway. In the center of the room was a large table and behind it sat three men, two of them wearing masks. They seemed to be doing something with a large pile of drugs on the table, but Emmeline couldn't make out exactly what they were up to because the lights in the room were fucky wucky. "What's going on?" asked Emmeline, Perish stood in front of the men and turned to look at Emmeline with an evil grin. "You see Em, there is something I need you to know, I don't want to hurt anyone, not even you. I offer you a choice, leave the company now and give us your share of the money and Crack, or I might do something we'll both regret!" "Oh really, like what then?" asked Emmeline sarcastically. Perish smiled again. "oh I'll tell you, but I'm warning you, if you give me any shit, I'll do more than just beat you into mush! You hear that? That means I'll do more than just break every bone in your body, Which I will probably do anyway and also kill every fucking one of your friends before I finally let you die, although I will probably too! So tell me now, are you going to leave?" END





Title: P&H&E	P2, The Crackies,(Continued), 1870

Emmeline walks up to Perish and looks him dead in the eyes before slowly leaning closer to him. She slowly started speaking slowly and very gently almost whispering. She said to him, "Hell nah, that's big cap cuh, on god Fr Fr, Old no pussy getting bitch ass STFU". "Oh that's it '' Perish pulls Emmelines head on to the table of unknown substances and grabs a handful of the substance and throws it into Emmelines left nostril. Emmeline felt her boobas swell rapidly. Then suddenly she started losing feeling in her jaw, she tried to move her legs but struggled. She began to panic and scream for help, but it was unintelligible, she could only grunt and groan with each attempt. She tried to bite one of the guy's arm but found she couldn't open her mouth, "You see Emmeline, There were never any Heroin facilities scattered about, There is no left over Heroin because It's only ever made in small doses using a secret recipe in Dr.Doofenshmirtz private lab, there is never more made than there needs to be. Thanks to what we learned from our new Cracked friends all over Cambridge. They have seen everything there is to see in those labs, the only difficult part was learning to understand what the hell they were saying." Perish laughed to himself manically. Emmeline could feel her whole body start to change, the more she tried to resist the harder but Perish held her down. Her limbs grew slack and she lost control of her bladder and nearly peepee poopoo'd herself as she felt herself starting to transform, she knew what was happening, she was turning into one of the Cracked. Sure it was happening much slower but it was still happening nonetheless. She would never be able to stop it, she didn't even have the strength to fight back. After a few moments she felt her arms and legs grow numb and she fell limp to the floor. As for what happens to her next, well we already know what happens to the Cracked. END





Title: Solanaceae and the Great Cambridge Opium Cold War of 1871: The Plant Strikes Back

The year was 1871 and the streets of Cambridge were still vibrating from the sheer retardation of Drake and Doofenshmirtz's last failed super soldier projSolanacect but now there was a new problem brewing in the city's underbelly and it was so pooby even the Crackheads were pausing mid twitch to ask what the fuck was going on. The P&H Milling Group had heard whispers of a magical plant from Brazil that could make people so chill they'd forget they were in Cambridge and that was a problem because P&H's entire business model relied on people being as unchill as humanly possible. So Helmbecker and Perish did what any self respecting drug lords would do they sent their most expendable lackeys to Brazil to steal the plant but all they found were confused Brazilians who just shrugged and said some gringo with a platypus stole it already. Meanwhile Drake and Doofenshmirtz were in their secret lab trying to turn the Solanaceae plant into a viable drug but the plant was being a total dick about it every time they tried to process it the leaves would curl up and whisper insults like your moms a ho and your dads a bitch. Doofenshmirtz was about to give up when he had a genius idea what if we mix it with the leftover Crack from the super soldier project he said and Drake being the absolute madman (or I guess you could say "Iceman") he is said fuck it lets do it. So they threw the Solanaceae into a rusty pan with some Crack a handful of jolly ranchers (the OG, not that "Tropical Pineapple" or "Gummies" bullshit) and a splash of lean (Only that purple and red becuase the Big Doof rather die than have green in his cup) because why the fuck not and the result was something so powerful it could make a Crackhead take a nap mid sentence. They called it Dream Dust and it was so strong that when they tested it on a random homeless guy he just lay down in the middle of King Street and started snoring like a Snorlax. But the P&H Milling Group was not about to let Drake and Doofenshmirtz have all the fun so they sent Emmeline who was now half Cracked half human and 100 percent unhinged to steal the formula. Emmeline burst into the lab like a tornado of cum, I guess you could call it a "Fortnite Cumnado" (elite refrence) and tried to grab the Dream Dust formula (on some Plankton and Krabs type shii) but Doofenshmirtz activated his secret weapon the Instant Sleepy Time Cannon 3000 which shot a cloud of Dream Dust directly into Emmelines face. She stood there for a second then her eyes rolled back and she collapsed like a 3 year unwashed cum sock hitting the floor with a thud that shook the entire building. Helmbecker and Perish were watching from a distance and when they saw Emmeline go down they knew they had to escalate. We need our own version of this shit Perish said and Helmbecker grinned I got an idea what if we make it but worse. So they took a sample of the Solanaceae plant mixed it with fent laced ass za instead of that premium "Walter Black", a handful of "Halls extra strength sore throat relife:Menthol flavor" and a dash of green "lean" and created P&H Snooze Juice a drug so strong it could make a man forget his own name and his own (shiddy)pants. They flooded the streets with it and soon Cambridge was divided into two factions the Dream Dust users who were just vibing and the Snooze Juice users who were just drooling. The city was a mess but Drake and Doofenshmirtz were not about to go down without a fight so they loaded up their Dream Dust into the Instant SlSolanaceepy Time Cannon 3000 and rolled it out into the streets. What followed was the most ridiculous battle in Cambridge history as both sides fired clouds of sleepy dust at each other while the Crackheads just stood there confused as fuck. In the middle of the chaos the Solanaceae plants in the greenhouse started glowing and pulsing like they were alive and then suddenly they uprooted themselves and started marching toward the battle like a bunch of angry vegetables. Drake and Doofenshmirtz looked at each other and said at the same time oh shit. The plants reached the battlefield on some "PvZ Garden Warfare type shii" and started releasing a thick purple mist that covered the entire area and within seconds everyone was passed out cold including Drake Doofenshmirtz Helmbecker Perish and even the Crackheads. When they all woke up the next morning the Solanaceae plants were gone the streets were clean and the only thing left behind was a single note that read yall some dumb bitches try harder next time. The Great Cambridge Opium Cold War was over before it even began and the city was left with nothing but a bunch of confused drug lords and a newfound respect for the power of plants. In fact, all of the poeple who saw this became carnivores from that moment on. END





Title: The Pimpin' Preacher of Preston Street, 1889

The year was 1889 and the streets of Cambridge were still reeling from the Great Opium Cold War of 1871 but a new kind of madness was brewing in the heart of Preston Street. A man by the name of Reverend Thaddeus "Big Daddy" Eliqhelekileyo "Lovejoy" had just got off the boat from his home country of Wakanda using her secret Vibranium wealth. He immediatly set up shop in an old abandoned church that smelled like regret and cheap perfume. Reverend Eliqhelekileyo Lovejoy wasn’t your typical man of the cloth. No sir, he was a man of the game. His sermons weren’t about salvation or repentance, oh no, they were about the three P’s: Pimpin’, Prayin’, and Profitin’. And business was boomin’. Every Sunday, the pews of the Church of the Eternal Hustle were packed to the rafters, but not with your usual congregation. Nah, this was a crowd of Cambridge’s finest—pimps, hoes, hustlers, and a few confused tourists who thought they were there for a historical tour. The Reverend would stand at the pulpit, dressed in a velvet robe so purple it looked like it was woven from the tears of his enemies, and he’d preach the good word. "Brothers and sisters," he’d boom, "the Lord works in mysterious ways, but let me tell you, He ain’t above a good side hustle. And neither are y’all!" The crowd would erupt in amens and the clinking of gold teeth. Reverend Eliqhelekileyo Lovejoy’s most famous sermon was the one about the "Divine Right to Pimp." He’d hold up his gold-plated Bible (which was actually just a hollowed-out copy of The Art of War filled with Crack and condoms) and say, "Y’all think the Good Book don’t talk about pimpin’? Oh, you wrong. King Solomon had 700 wives, and you think he was just sittin’ around playin’ checkers? Nah, that man was runnin’ a kingdom!" The hoes in the front row would fan themselves with church bulletins that doubled as price lists, and the pimps in the back would nod in approval, already calculating their next move. But the Reverend’s real claim to fame was his "Blessing of the Bitches" ceremony. Every first Friday of the month, he’d line up the finest ladies of the night in front of the altar and anoint them with "Holy Oil" (which was just WD-40 mixed with glitter and a splash of Lean). "These women," he’d declare, "are the backbone of our community. They bring joy, they bring profit, and most importantly, they bring drama. And what is life without a little drama?" The ladies would strut down the aisle, their dresses swishing like the sound of a cash register ringing, and the congregation would cheer like it was the Second Coming. Of course, not everyone in Cambridge was a fan of Reverend Eliqhelekileyo Lovejoy’s... unconventional ministry. Mayor Drake, still reeling from his failed super-soldier experiments, sent a delegation of city officials to shut the church down. But when they arrived, they found the Reverend in the middle of a "financial counseling" session with a group of local businesswomen (who were, in fact, some of his top earners). The officials, being men of ahem certain appetites, took one look at the scene and decided that maybe the Church of the Eternal Hustle wasn’t so bad after all. In fact, they ended up staying for the after-party, which involved a lot of "holy water" (codeine-infused gin) and a game of "Pin the Tail on the John." But the Reverend’s greatest triumph came in the form of the "Pimp’s Prayer Breakfast," a weekly event where the city’s elite (and by elite, I mean the folks with the most gold chains and the least scruples) would gather to network, negotiate, and negotiate some more. The breakfast was legendary. There was no menu—just a buffet of whatever the Reverend’s "culinary ministry" (a.k.a. his cousin Big Tony, who ran the local Crack kitchen) could whip up. The main course was always the same: a giant platter of "Heavenly Hash" (a dish made of mystery meat, jolly ranchers, and enough Crack to make your eyes roll back into your head). The Reverend would stand at the head of the table, raise a glass of "Communion Juice" (Lean and orange soda), and toast, "To the hustle, to the flow, and to the hoes that keep the money rollin’!" And roll it did. The Church of the Eternal Hustle became the unofficial headquarters of Cambridge’s underground economy. If you needed a loan, you talked to the Reverend. If you needed a favor, you talked to the Reverend. If you needed to disappear for a while (because, let’s face it, pimpin’ ain’t always easy), you definitely talked to the Reverend. And if you crossed him? Well, let’s just say the Reverend had a very special sermon for folks like that. It involved a lot of screaming, a little bit of crying, and a whole lot of "repenting" (usually while hanging upside down in the church basement). But the Reverend wasn’t just about the money. He had a vision. He wanted to take his ministry global. "Why stop at Cambridge?" he’d preach. "The world is full of lost souls in need of guidance. And by guidance, I mean a firm hand, a strong back, and a real good pimp slap every now and then." So he started franchising. Soon, there were Churches of the Eternal Hustle popping up in every major city, from New York to New Orleans. Each one was run by a handpicked disciple of the Reverend, a man (or woman) of questionable morals and impeccable style. Of course, the Reverend’s empire wasn’t built without a few bumps in the road. There was the time one of his franchisees in Atlanta tried to cut him out of the profits. Big mistake. The Reverend paid him a personal visit, and by the end of the night, the man was singing in the choir—permanently. Then there was the incident with the "Miracle Water" (which was just tap water laced with Crack). The Reverend had been selling it as a cure for all ailments, from the common cold to "being broke." It worked too well. Soon, half the city was walking around with their eyes rolled back, muttering about "seeing the light." The other half was just trying to figure out how to get their hands on more of that blessed water. But through it all, the Reverend kept on preachin’. And the people kept on comin’. Because in Cambridge, when the world was dark and the streets were mean, there was one place you could always count on for a little light, a little love, and a whole lot of hustle: the Church of the Eternal Hustle. And if you ever found yourself in need of a blessing, well... the Reverend was always open for business.END





Title: The Bootlegger’s Ballad, 1923

The year was 1923 and the streets of Cambridge were dry as a preacher’s sense of humor thanks to the grand ol’ experiment known as Prohibition. But if there was one thing Cambridge knew how to do better than breathing it was breaking the law. And nobody broke it harder than Joseph Henry a man so wide he had to turn sideways to fit through the door of his own speakeasy and so mean he once punched a man so hard the guy’s ancestors felt it. Joseph’s operation was the slickest in town hidden beneath the floorboards of the old P&H Milling Group warehouse a place so crooked even the rats had to sign NDAs. The entrance was through a butcher shop where the only thing getting sliced wasn’t meat it was federal law. You’d walk in ask for a "pound of the good stuff" and if the butcher didn’t stab you on the spot you’d get led down a trapdoor into a world where the whiskey flowed like the tears of a teetotaler at last call. Joseph’s signature brew was called "Devil’s Tears" and not the type of tears that come from your eyes ;) a concoction so strong it could strip paint or a man’s dignity whichever came first. It was made from a secret recipe that involved more Crack residue than actual grain but nobody complained because in Cambridge if it didn’t make you see God or at least a very convincing hallucination of Him it wasn’t worth drinking. The speakeasy itself was a marvel of illegal engineering. The walls were lined with copper to throw off the feds’ newfangled wiretapping gadgets the bar was made from a repurposed church pulpit and the piano player was a former super soldier from Drake’s old army who’d lost the ability to speak but could still tickle the ivories like he was tickling the devil’s own balls. His name was Ghostly Sam, ad he was Drakes Ghost writter but of course the Mayor would never admit that. One night a new face walked into Joseph’s establishment. She was a slick woman in a pinstripe suit so sharp it could cut a man’s foreskin from ten paces. Her name was Lady Demarcus Submarine and she had a proposition for Joseph. "I hear you’re the man to see about the wet stuff, and i ain't talking about myself ifyouknowhatimsayin'" Lady Demarcus said sliding a hundred dollar bill across the bar like it was a calling card. Joseph didn’t even look at it. "Depends on who’s askin’" he grunted. Lady Demarcus smiled the kind of smile that made Joseph’s trigger finger and peenar itch. "I represent a… mutual friend. Someone who’s got a taste for the finer things. The kind of things that come in barrels not bottles." Joseph’s eyes narrowed. "You talkin’ about Wakanda Reverend guy?" Lady Demarcus’s smile widened. "The one and only. Reverend Thaddeus ‘Big Daddy’ what ever the fuck Lovejoy’s got a new sermon to preach and it ain’t about salvation." Turns out the "good" Reverend had gotten wind of Joseph’s operation and wanted in. Not for the money oh no the Reverend had more money than God had sins. He wanted the Devil’s Tears for his "Blessing of the Bitches" ceremonies. Seems the holy oil supply was running low and the ladies of the night were getting restless. Joseph wasn’t about to share his recipe but Lady Demarcus had a sweeter deal. "The Reverend’s willing to offer protection. His boys’ll make sure the feds stay clear of your operation. All he wants is a cut. Ten percent." Joseph laughed so hard he nearly knocked over his own stool. "Ten percent? That’s highway robbery!" Lady Demarcus leaned in. "No Joseph. Highway robbery is what’ll happen to you if you say no." Joseph was a little confused since highways weren't invented yet. The room went quiet. Even Ghostly Sam stopped playing "Hotine Bling" mid note, right at the "duh duh duh" part. Joseph looked around at his boys all of whom were suddenly very interested in the patterns on their shoes. He sighed. "Fine. But it’s fifteen. And the Reverend’s girls get first dibs on the new batch... and I get first dibs on the Reverend's girls ;)" Lady Demarcus extended a hand. "Deal." But if there was one thing Joseph Henry hated more than Prohibition it was being told what to do. So he did what any self respecting bootlegger would do. He double crossed the Reverend and tried to take his hoes too. That night Joseph’s boys loaded up a shipment of Devil’s Tears with a little extra kick. Instead of Crack residue Joseph had his chemist cook up a batch laced with the last of the Solanaceae opium from Drake’s old stash. The stuff was so strong it could make a statue take a nap. The Reverend’s girls took their first sips during the next Blessing ceremony and by the time the amen chorus rolled around half of them were passed out on the pews and the other half were speaking in tongues that sounded suspiciously like "why the fuck am I so sleepy." The Reverend was not amused. The next morning Joseph woke up to find his speakeasy surrounded by the Reverend’s "congregation" a group of men who looked like they’d been carved out of stone and given a second job as enforcers. Joseph walked outside to find the Reverend himself leaning against a lamppost like he owned the damn street. "Joseph my boy" the Reverend said his voice dripping with the kind of charm that made Joseph’s skin crawl. "I think there’s been a misunderstanding." Joseph spat. "No misunderstanding Reverend. Just business." The Reverend chuckled. "See that’s where you’re wrong Joseph. This ain’t business. This is personal." He snapped his fingers and his boys moved in. What followed was the most one sided fight in Cambridge history. Joseph’s boys were tough but the Reverend’s boys were built like brick shithouses and hit like freight trains full of bad intentions. Joseph himself put up a good fight until the Reverend pulled out his secret weapon a bottle of "Holy Water" which was just codeine infused gin. One splash to the face and Joseph was seeing stars that weren’t even in the sky. When Joseph woke up he was in the back room of his own speakeasy tied to a chair with a headache that felt like a jackhammer had taken up residence in his skull. The Reverend was sitting across from him sipping a glass of what looked like Devil’s Tears but smelled suspiciously like victory. "You got guts Joseph" the Reverend said. "I’ll give you that. But guts ain’t enough in this town." Joseph groaned. "What do you want Reverend?" The Reverend set his glass down. "I want what’s mine. And what’s mine is Cambridge. You’re gonna work for me Joseph. And you’re gonna like it." Joseph would’ve laughed if his face didn’t hurt so much. "And if I say no?" The Reverend stood up and adjusted his velvet robe. "Then you’ll end up like your boys. Or worse." He tossed a newspaper onto Joseph’s lap. The headline read "Local Bootlegger’s Warehouse Mysteriously Burns Down. Authorities Suspect Arson." Joseph’s blood ran cold. That warehouse had been his backup stash. His insurance. His "fuck you" fund. The Reverend leaned in. "Tick tock Joseph. The offer expires at sundown." Joseph knew when he was beat. By sundown he was the Reverend’s newest business partner. The Devil’s Tears started flowing into the Church of the Eternal Hustle and the Reverend’s sermons got a whole lot more interesting. The feds never did raid Joseph’s speakeasy again. Not because they couldn’t find it but because every time they got close they’d end up taking a sudden and very strong interest in joining the Reverend’s choir. As for Joseph he spent the rest of his days as the Reverend’s head distiller cooking up batches of Devil’s Tears with a side of Solanaceae opium. The stuff was so strong it could make a man forget his own name and his own pants. And in Cambridge that was just another Tuesday. But the real kicker came a few months later when Joseph was delivering a fresh batch to the church. He walked in to find the Reverend in the middle of a sermon his gold plated Bible open to a page that definitely wasn’t in the original text. "And the Lord said unto His people" the Reverend boomed "‘Let he who is without sin cast the first stone. But if you’re gonna sin might as well do it with style and a damn good drink.’" The congregation cheered and Joseph couldn’t help but smile. Maybe being the Reverend’s bitch wasn’t so bad after all. At least the tips were good. And in Cambridge that was all that mattered. Meanwhile Lady Demarcus Submarine was sitting in her own speakeasy a few blocks down sipping on a glass of her own special brew. She had a smile on her face as she thought about the chaos she had caused. She knew Joseph would be fine he always was. And she knew that one day their paths would cross again. But for now she was content to sit back and watch the world burn. After all in Cambridge the only thing better than a good drink was a good rival.





Title: The Speed River Raiders, 1930

The year was 1930 and the Speed River was a lawless stretch of water that cut through the heart of Cambridge like a knife through warm butter. The river was a smuggler’s paradise a place where the law turned a blind eye and the only rule was survival of the slickest. And nobody was slicker than Captain Joseph Henry Demarcus Submarine the former bootlegger turned pirate king of the Speed River. His ship the SS Devil’s Tears was a repurposed rum runner now outfitted with enough firepower to start a small war. The hull was reinforced with stolen P&H Milling Group steel and the sails were stitched together from the finest velvet robes money could buy or steal. Joseph stood at the helm his massive frame barely fitting in the captain’s coat he’d taken off a dead revenue agent. Beside him stood Lady Demarcus Submarine his partner in crime and the only person in Cambridge who could outdrink outfight and outscheme him. She was leaning against the railing a cigarette dangling from her lips and a smirk that could curdle milk. "Joseph" she said blowing smoke into the wind "I hear the Reverend’s got a new shipment coming down the river tonight. Something about holy water that ain’t so holy." Joseph grinned. "Let ‘em come. We’ll take it all. The Reverend ain’t got no navy." Lady Demarcus chuckled. "No but he’s got Ghostly Sam. And last I checked that old coot could still play a piano like the devil himself." Joseph’s grin didn’t falter. "Ghostly Sam ain’t nothin’ but a washed up super soldier. We’ll handle him." The SS Devil’s Tears cut through the water like a hot knife through butter. The crew was a motley bunch of former bootleggers Cracked out ex soldiers and a few desperate souls who’d signed on for the promise of adventure and a cut of the profits. Among them was Big Drizzle the first a hulking brute who’d followed Joseph from his bootlegging days. He was standing by the ship’s cannon a repurposed still that could fire barrels of Devil’s Tears whiskey like cannonballs. "Captain" Big Drizzle the first rumbled "you really think we can take the Reverend’s shipment? That man’s got more connections than a telephone switchboard." Joseph clapped him on the back. "We ain’t just takin’ the shipment Drizzle. We’re sendin’ a message. Nobody moves nothin’ down the Speed River without payin’ toll to Captain Submarine." As the sun dipped below the horizon the SS Devil’s Tears rounded a bend in the river and there it was the Reverend’s ship the Holy Roller a floating church complete with a pulpit and a choir of heavily armed congregants. The ship was lit up like a Christmas tree with lanterns and the sound of Ghostly Sam’s piano drifted across the water a haunting melody that sent shivers down the spines of even the toughest pirates. Lady Demarcus crushed her niggarette (a cigarette rolled in black Solanaceae soaked paper) under her boot (shes got sweaty feet auhfadfoilicklicklickisdhfo). "Alright boys. Let’s show ‘em how we do things on the Speed River." Joseph raised a signal flag and the SS Devil’s Tears opened fire. Barrels of Devil’s Tears "whiskey" rained down on the Holy Roller smashing through the deck and sending the Reverend’s men scrambling for cover. The Reverend himself stood at the pulpit a gold plated Bible in one hand and a sawed off shotgun in the other. "You dare interrupt my sermon Joseph Submarine?" he boomed. Joseph cupped his hands around his mouth. "I dare Reverend. And I aim to take every last drop of that holy water you’re smugglin’." The Reverend laughed. "You always were a man of ambition Joseph. But ambition ain’t enough when you’re starin’ down the barrel of divine justice." Ghostly Sam’s piano playing "Jumpman" and it grew louder more frantic as the two ships closed in. The Reverend’s men opened fire and the SS Devil’s Tears answered with a volley of whiskey barrels. The river erupted into chaos. Big Drizzle the first manned the cannon firing barrel after barrel while Lady Demarcus and Joseph led the boarding party. They swung across on ropes landing on the Holy Roller’s deck with a thud. The Reverend’s men were ready but they weren’t ready for the sheer ferocity of Joseph’s crew. Fists flew bottles broke and more than one man went overboard. Joseph and the Reverend met in the middle of the deck their weapons drawn. "Last chance Joseph" the Reverend said. "Walk away and I’ll let you live." Joseph spat. "I didn’t come here to walk away Reverend. I came here to win." The Reverend sighed. "Then let’s see if your ambition’s got teeth." The two men lunged at each other their fight a whirlwind of punches kicks and the occasional well aimed Bible to the head. Around them the battle raged. Lady Demarcus was holding her own against a group of the Reverend’s enforcers her fists a blur as she took them down one by one. Big Drizzle the first had turned the cannon on the Holy Roller’s mast sending the ship’s flag crashing to the deck. And Ghostly Sam well Ghostly Sam was still playing that damn piano like the world wasn’t falling apart around him. Joseph and the Reverend fought their way to the ship’s hold where the Reverend’s precious cargo was stored. Barrels of holy water lined the walls each one stamped with the Reverend’s gold seal. Joseph wiped blood from his lip and grinned. "Looks like I win Reverend." The Reverend chuckled. "You always were a greedy son of a bitch Joseph. But did you really think I’d let you take this without a fight?" He reached into his coat and pulled out a vial of glowing purple liquid. Joseph’s eyes narrowed. "What the hell is that?" The Reverend smirked. "A little insurance. Call it holy water with a kick." He tossed the vial at Joseph’s feet and the world exploded in a blaze of purple light. When Joseph opened his eyes he was no longer on the Holy Roller. He was standing on the deck of the SS Devil’s Tears his crew staring at him in shock. Lady Demarcus was the first to speak. "Joseph what the hell was that?" Joseph looked down at his hands. They were glowing faintly purple. "I don’t know" he said. "But I got a feelin’ the Reverend ain’t done with us yet." The SS Devil’s Tears sailed away from the wreckage of the Holy Roller its hold filled with barrels of holy water and its crew filled with a newfound sense of purpose. The Speed River was theirs now. And nobody not the Reverend not Ghostly Sam not even the devil himself was gonna take it from them.






Title: The Speed River Raiders Part 2, 1930

The Speed River was a treacherous place even for the likes of Captain Joseph Henry Demarcus Submarine and his crew. The night after their victory over the Reverend’s Holy Roller the SS Devil’s Tears sailed through a thick fog that clung to the water like a greedy Jew to his last dollar. The air was cold the kind of cold that seeped into your bones and made your teeth ache. slimy one of Joseph’s most trusted crewmates stood at the bow his eyes scanning the darkness ahead. He was a quiet man but sharp as a blade and twice as reliable. His wife Martha was below deck tending to the wounded from the night’s battle. The ship cut through the fog like a knife through warm butter but the river had a way of hiding its dangers. slimy’s eyes narrowed as he spotted something in the distance a pale white shape looming out of the mist. "Iceberg" he shouted his voice cutting through the night like a gunshot. "Dead ahead!" Joseph and Lady Demarcus Submarine rushed to the deck their boots thudding against the wood. They saw it too a massive chunk of ice floating in the middle of the Speed River. The SS Devil’s Tears was moving too fast to stop. Joseph barked orders. "Hard to starboard! Turn the wheel goddammit!" The crew scrambled but the ship was too heavy too slow. It was going to hit. slimy didn’t hesitate. He knew what he had to do. He grabbed the ship’s wheel and turned it with all his might his muscles straining as he fought to steer the Devil’s Tears away from the iceberg. The ship groaned its timbers protesting as it began to turn but it wasn’t enough. The iceberg was too close. slimy looked back at Martha who had rushed to the deck her face pale with fear. Their eyes met for a brief moment and in that moment slimy made his choice. He turned the wheel as hard as he could and then leapt overboard pushing the wheel with his last bit of strength. The SS Devil’s Tears lurched violently its hull scraping against the iceberg with a sound like a thousand nails on a chalkboard. The ship groaned and creaked but it didn’t sink. Martha fell to her knees her tears mixing with the river’s mist. "slimy" she sobbed her voice breaking. "slimy!" But there was no answer. The crew gathered around her their heads bowed in respect. Joseph placed a hand on her shoulder. "He saved us all Martha. He’s a hero." Martha looked up at him her eyes filled with grief and determination. "He always was. And he always will be." She stood up her voice steady. "His name will live on. My son will carry his legacy." Joseph nodded. "What’ll you call him?" Martha’s lips curled into a sad smile. "Iceberg slimy." The crew murmured their approval. Iceberg slimy. It had a ring to it. A few weeks passed and the SS Devil’s Tears was back in action. But the P&H Milling Group had taken notice of Joseph’s growing power on the Speed River. They weren’t about to let some pirate disrupt their operations. One night as the Devil’s Tears sailed through a quiet stretch of the river the water around them erupted. P&H’s enforcers swarmed the ship their boats surrounding the Devil’s Tears like a pack of wolves. Helmbecker stood at the lead his voice booming across the water. "Joseph Submarine! You’ve been a thorn in our side for too long!" Joseph stood at the rail his voice calm. "And you’ve been a pain in my ass for even longer Helmbecker. What’s your point?" Helmbecker grinned. "The point is we’re ending this tonight. Surrender the ship and we might let you live." Lady Demarcus Submarine stepped forward her smirk as sharp as ever. "You always were a terrible liar Helmbecker." The battle was fierce. P&H’s men were armed to the teeth (Teeth covered in blinged out diamond grillz of course) and they fought with the desperation of men who knew they couldn’t afford to lose. But Joseph’s crew was tougher. They fought like they had something to prove. Big Drizzle the first manned the cannon firing barrels of Devil’s Tears whiskey into the enemy boats. Lady Demarcus fought like a demon her fists a blur as she took down anyone who dared to step onto her ship as she was very used to using her fists on herself. And Joseph he fought like a man with nothing to lose. But the P&H Milling Group had numbers. And numbers can be a bitch. The Devil’s Tears was taking on water. The hull was breached and the ship was sinking fast. Joseph looked at Lady Demarcus. "We ain’t goin’ down like this." She grinned. "Damn right we ain’t." They had one last trick up their sleeves. Below deck hidden in the ship’s hold was the world’s first submarine. A secret project Joseph had been working on with a smart man from a distant land of "Mitre' who he only knew as "J.P the Erle of Mitre" (INSANE FORESHADOWING). It was crude it was untested but it was their only chance. Joseph and Lady Demarcus made their way below deck as the crew held off P&H’s men. Big Drizzle the first stood at the entrance to the hold his cannon roaring as he held the line. "Go Captain! We’ll hold ‘em off!" Joseph clapped him on the shoulder. "You’re a good man Drizzle the first. Don’t let ‘em take the ship." Big Drizzle the first nodded. "Aye Captain." Joseph and Lady Demarcus sealed themselves in the submarine. The controls were simple enough. Joseph pulled the lever and the submarine detached from the Devil’s Tears. The ship groaned as it began to sink but the submarine shot forward its propeller churning the water as it dove beneath the surface. P&H’s men cheered as the Devil’s Tears disappeared beneath the waves. They thought they’d won. But they were wrong. Below the surface Joseph and Lady Demarcus watched as the battle raged above them. The submarine was cramped and dark but it was alive. And so were they. Lady Demarcus lit a cigarette the flame casting eerie shadows on the walls. "Well Joseph. Looks like we’re the first pirates to sail beneath the waves." Joseph grinned. "And we ain’t done yet. P&H thinks they’ve won. But we’re gonna show ‘em the Devil’s Tears ain’t the only thing they gotta fear." The submarine hummed as it moved silently through the water. Joseph and Lady Demarcus Submarine were alive. And they were far from finished... then they totaly boned.END





Title: The Atomic Age of Cambridge, 1955

The year was 1955 and Cambridge was a city on the cutting edge of tomorrow or at least that’s what the giant neon sign on the P&H Milling Group headquarters claimed. The sign flickered with the words “P&H: Powering the Future with Crack and Chrome” in letters so bright they could probably be seen from the moon. The streets were lined with sleek chrome diners where waitresses on roller skates served milkshakes laced with just enough Crack to make your teeth vibrate. The air smelled like a mix of grease WD40 and the faint scent of regret. Mayor Drake had just unveiled his latest project the Cambridge AtomSphere a giant floating orb that he claimed would revolutionize the city. It was supposed to be a symbol of progress a beacon of hope for the future. In reality it was just a giant Crack filled balloon that he had stolen from a traveling carnival. But nobody in Cambridge seemed to give a fuck. They were too busy marveling at the AtomSphere as it bobbed ominously over the city like a giant metallic boob. Meanwhile Helmbecker and Perish were hard at work in their underground lab cooking up their latest scheme. They had heard rumors that Drake was planning to use the AtomSphere to distribute a new kind of Crack one that was so potent it could make a man see the future or at least see colors that didnt exist. Helmbecker slammed his fist on the table. “We cant let Drake get his hands on that kind of power. If he does well be out of business faster than you can say ‘Clanker-ussy’ uhh not that that's somthing i've been thinking about often... The giant metalic titty thingy must be getting to me.” Perish nodded his eyes gleaming with the kind of greed that only a true capitalist could muster. “Then we’ll just have to build our own future. One that’s powered by P&H.” And so the P&H Futuristic Initiative was born. Their first project was the P&H Rocket Racer a sleek chrome car that ran on a mix of gasoline and pure uncut Crack. It was fast it was loud and it left a trail of smoke so thick it could probably block out the sun, not even the roboboob would be visible. They unveiled it at the Cambridge World’s Fair a grand event where the city’s elite gathered to show off their latest and greatest inventions. Drake was there with his AtomSphere floating ominously above the fairgrounds. Doofenshmirtz was there with his latest creation the Doofenshmirtz 3000 a robot butler that could mix a mean Cracktini. And Helmbecker and Perish were there with their Rocket Racer parked front and center. The crowd gasped as the Rocket Racer roared to life its engine humming like a thousand angry bees. Helmbecker stood up on the hood his voice booming through a ultraphone (a megaphone with a microphone connected to the fairgrounds speakers taped on the end). “Niggas and Bitches-- I mean Pimps and Hoes-- no thats not it... Ladies and gentlemen! there it is, behold the future of transportation. The P&H Rocket Racer the fastest most powerful car in the world.” Perish revved the engine and the car shot forward leaving a trail of smoke and a few startled onlookers in its wake. Of course the exhaust system was coated in THC oil and mango ice vape juice internaly so the crowd erupted in cheers. Drake was not amused. He watched from his booth his face twisted in a scowl. “That’s it, no more Mr.Nice guy! it's time to turn cold and unleash my inner Iceman!” (Drake is now in Iceman mode, keep note of this!). He turned to Doofenshmirtz. “Champagne Papi wants that car. And I want it now.” Doofenshmirtz nodded. “Consider it done boss.” He pressed a button on his remote and the Doofenshmirtz 3000 sprang to life. The robot butler rolled forward its chrome exterior gleaming under the fairground lights. It approached the Rocket Racer with a tray of Cracktinis n' Wock. “Compliments of the mayor” the robot said in a voice that was somehow both smooth and sinister. Helmbecker and Perish looked at the tray then at each other. “Free drinks” Perish shrugged. They each grabbed a Cracktini and downed it in one gulp. The effects were immediate. Their eyes rolled back their bodies started twitching and they both collapsed onto the hood of the Rocket Racer. The crowd gasped. Drake grinned. “Now’s our chance croodie!” He turned to Doofenshmirtz. “Steal that car.” Doofenshmirtz nodded and pressed another button. The Doofenshmirtz 3000 rolled forward and with a series of mechanical whirs and clanks it lifted the Rocket Racer onto its back. The crowd erupted in chaos. Some cheered some booed and a few just stood there in stunned silence. But as the Doofenshmirtz 3000 rolled away with the Rocket Racer in tow Helmbecker and Perish suddenly sprang to life. They had shaken off the effects of the Cracktinis and they were not happy. “That purple faced son of a bitch” (PURPLE GUY?!?!?) Helmbecker growled. Perish nodded. “We’ll get him back. And we’ll get that car back too.” They jumped into the nearest vehicle a sleek chrome golf cart that had been modified to go faster than any car in Cambridge. The chase was on. The golf cart roared through the fairgrounds its engine whining as it weaved through the crowd. (EBK needed). The Doofenshmirtz 3000 was fast but the golf cart was faster. It caught up to the robot butler and with a well aimed bump it sent the Doofenshmirtz 3000 spinning out of control. The Rocket Racer slid off its back and crashed into a nearby booth sending a shower of sparks and Crack infused cotton candy into the air. The crowd erupted in cheers. Helmbecker and Perish jumped out of the golf cart and ran to the Rocket Racer. It was damaged but it was still in one piece. Helmbecker grinned. “Looks like the future belongs to P&H after all.” Perish nodded. “And its powered by Crack.” They climbed into the Rocket Racer and with a roar of the engine they sped off into the night leaving behind a trail of smoke a few stunned onlookers and a very pissed off Mayor Drake. The Atomic Age of Cambridge had only just begun.END







Title: Xhosa Strippers - Wakanda and Utata Omkhulu - 1961.

Utata Omkhu was from the rough part of Wakanda similar to the area of preston near the re-store. he was born in a harvey sea sub as his mother Ihenyukazi Eliqhelekileyo or Ihen for short was getting  "sturdy" 10,000 leagues under the sea, with a local Crystal Vibranium dealer named Intonga encinci         (Which roughly translates to small stick). As Intonga was piping Utatas mother her leg started twitching and Utatas mother started screaming as Intonga bent over and Utata grabbed Intonga by the neck still screaming she let go of the man's neck but accidentally tore his necklace off and it fell between them and as intonga railed Utatas mother, the rock on his necklace was hammered inside her and in that instant her water broke and Utata fell to the floor with a vibranium rock newly implanted in his forehead this sent off a shockwave killing ihen and intonga leaving newborn Utata on the floor. Utata was on the floor so long the water mixed with the sand tracked in by the shoes of his parents, this made a clay like material harden over his Vibranium forehead pendant concealing it, never to be seen again.... END






Title: Enter: The Submarine, 1963

The year was 1963, and a man named Joseph Henry Demarcus Submarine was about to change the face of the small town of Cambridge forever, Joseph Henry Demarcus Submarine (who was but a common thief at the time) caught wind of a famed inventor named Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Mitre who was moving into town in a soon to be built house. He heard the moving company had already moved its stuff there. He decided to go into one of Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miters soon to be built estates. and look around for valuables, he thought. He had heard that there were some interesting items to be found here. The first thing he noticed when walking through the door was that it didn't fit. When looking closer at the door, he noticed something very strange: the hinges were gone entirely! He lifted up the door and looked inside. It appeared as though someone else had already been searching for something. There were stacks of old books scattered everywhere. In front of him, on top of a pile of books, sat an odd piece of machinery. A set of gears spun rapidly; the handles were shaped like a hammer head. On each side of the machine hung several weights, one heavier than the other. What could this strange contraption be? Joseph Henry Demarcus Submarine picked up the strange device and turned it over in his hands. Beside Joseph Henry Demarcus Submarine was a bag of bread that was labeled "insert". Joseph Henry Demarcus Submarine decided to insert the bread into the machine and was amazed at what the machine did. It began to spin rapidly and the handle swung back and forth. Suddenly, the handle snapped off and a loud click was heard throughout the room. Joseph Henry Demarcus Submarine's eyes widened. This wasn't just any ordinary machine, but rather a device that would change everything. It was Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter hidden invention, an instant sandwich maker, but these sandwiches were not like any others. These sandwiches were made of love and friendship, they were filled with warmth and generosity, and they were delicious beyond belief. Joseph Henry Demarcus Submarine knew that the world needed more of these special sandwiches, so he took the device with him and went to market, where he used it to sell off the sandwiches, when one day a child had asked him what these things were called, Joseph Henry Demarcus Submarine replied, "It's a Sub, a Mr.Sub". END






Title: The Birth of the Lean Meat , 1963

The year was 1963 and the streets of Cambridge were still thick with the stench of Crack and bad decisions but a new kind of madness was about to be born in the back alleys of King Street. A man by the name of Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Mitre the third had just rolled into town with nothing but a dream a miter saw and a reputation for being the kind of man who could turn a profit out of thin air. Jesse had heard whispers of a city where the rules were loose the morals were looser and the opportunities were as endless as the supply of Crack flowing beneath its streets. He had come to Cambridge to make his mark and by God he was going to do it even if he had to saw through every last one of his competitors to make it happen. Jesse set up shop in an old abandoned warehouse on the outskirts of town the kind of place where the walls were stained with the ghosts of a thousand bad ideas and the floor was sticky with things you didn’t want to think about. He called it the Wood Den and it was here that he began to cook up his greatest invention yet. You see Jesse wasn’t just a carpenter he was a visionary. He looked at the world and saw not what it was but what it could be if only someone had the guts to cut through the bullshit. And in Cambridge there was plenty of bullshit to cut through. One day while tinkering in his workshop Jesse had a revelation. He had been watching the Crackheads stumble through the streets their eyes rolled back their bodies twitching like they were being electrocuted by the hand of God himself. And he thought to himself what if there was a way to harness that energy that raw unfiltered power and put it to good use. Not just for the streets but for the soul. And then it hit him like a ton of poorly milled lumber. Meat. But not just any meat. Lean Meat. The kind of meat that could fuel a man’s body and his ambitions. The kind of meat that could build an empire. Jesse spent months locked away in the Wood Den experimenting with every kind of meat he could get his hands on. Beef pork chicken even a questionable cut of something that might have been raccoon. He marinated it in Lean in Crack in WD40 in whatever he could find that would give it that extra kick. He cooked it fried it smoked it even tried injecting it directly into his own veins at one point which did not go well. But finally after countless failures and at least one minor explosion that left him with a permanent scar shaped like the letter N on his forehead he had it. The perfect recipe. The first ever Lean Beef. It was a masterpiece. A cut of meat so infused with the spirit of Cambridge that one bite could make a man feel like he could take on the world or at least take on the next guy who looked at him funny. Jesse knew he had something special. He also knew he had to be careful. The city was already a powder keg of greed and violence and if word got out about what he was cooking up in that warehouse there was no telling who might come knocking. So he kept his invention a secret sharing it only with a select few trusted allies. Men who understood the value of a good hustle and the importance of keeping your mouth shut. One of those men was a young up and coming entrepreneur by the name of Joseph Henry Demarcus Submarine. Submarine as he was known to his friends was a man with a nose for opportunity and a stomach for just about anything. Jesse had met him a few months earlier when Submarine had broken into the Wood Den looking for something to steal. Instead of calling the cops Jesse had offered him a bite of his latest creation. Submarine took one look at the glistening hunk of Lean Beef sizzling on the grill and said “What the fuck is that?” Jesse grinned and said “That my friend is the future.” Submarine took a bite and his eyes rolled back in his head like he’d just seen the face of God. When he finally came to he looked at Jesse and said “We’re gonna be rich.” And just like that a partnership was born. Together Jesse and Submarine began to build the foundation of what would one day become the greatest culinary empire Cambridge had ever seen. They started small selling Lean Beef sandwiches out of the back of Submarine’s cart which he’d parked outside the local tavern. The sandwiches were an instant hit. Men would line up around the block just to get a taste of that sweet sweet Lean infused meat. Women would swoon as they watched their menfolk chow down like it was the last meal they’d ever eat. And the Crackheads well they just twitched a little harder and mumbled something about the meat talking to them. But Jesse and Submarine weren’t content to just be street vendors. They had bigger dreams. They wanted to build something that would last. Something that would change the face of Cambridge forever. So they got to work. They scoured the city for the finest cuts of meat the purest Lean the most potent Crack. They experimented with recipes with cooking methods with ways to make the meat even more addictive than it already was. And they began to lay the groundwork for a restaurant. Not just any restaurant. The first ever Mr.Sub. A place where a man could get a sandwich so good it would make him forget his own name. A place where the Lean Meat would flow like wine and the Crack would be as plentiful as the bread that held it all together. But they knew they couldn’t do it alone. They needed investors. They needed connections. And most of all they needed protection. Because in Cambridge if you had something worth having someone was always going to try and take it from you. So Jesse and Submarine did what any smart businessman would do. They went to see the Reverend Thaddeus "Big Daddy" Lovejoy. The Reverend listened to their pitch his eyes gleaming with the kind of avarice that only a true man of God could muster. When they were done he leaned back in his chair and said “Boys you got yourselves a deal.” And just like that the Church of the Eternal Hustle became the first official investor in the Mr.Sub empire. The Reverend saw the potential in what Jesse and Submarine were building. He saw a way to expand his own influence to reach even more lost souls in need of his particular brand of guidance. And he saw a way to make a whole lot of money in the process. So he blessed the venture with his own personal touch. He provided the startup capital in exchange for a cut of the profits. He provided the muscle in the form of his most trusted enforcers a group of men known as the Holy Rollers who were as skilled with their fists as they were with their Bibles. And he provided the wisdom gleaned from years of pimpin’ and preachin’ in a city that ran on hustle and sin. With the Reverend’s backing Jesse and Submarine were able to secure a prime location for their first restaurant right in the heart of downtown Cambridge. They gutted the building from top to bottom turning it into a temple of Lean Meat and Crack infused goodness. They installed a state of the art kitchen where Jesse could work his magic turning out sandwich after sandwich each one more delicious and more addictive than the last. And they began to build their brand. The Mr.Sub name spread like wildfire through the city. Men women children even the local dogs were all clamoring for a taste of that sweet sweet Lean Beef. And as the demand grew so did the empire. Jesse and Submarine opened a second location then a third then a fourth. They expanded their menu adding new items like the Lean Meat Deluxe the Cracked Out Special and the Reverend’s Favorite which came with a side of sermon and a free blessing. And they began to dream even bigger. They talked about franchising about taking the Mr.Sub name national even global. They talked about diversifying about getting into the pizza business the burger business the whatever the hell else they could think of business. But most of all they talked about the future. About building something that would last long after they were gone. Something that would change the face of Cambridge forever. Little did they know just how prophetic those words would turn out to be. For the Lean Meat legacy was only just beginning. And the city of Cambridge would never be the same. END





Title: Business 101: WG.Afton's Guide to Education (P1), 1964

The year was 1964, and two cousins were about to accidentally change the fate of everyone in Cambridge. Cousins Captain Ronald Preston (also known as R.Pëëzy OR just Captain Preston) and William G Afton were moving back to their old childhood home of Cambridge after several years away. You see, when they were children Cambridge was not the thriving town of only the most affluent like it is now. When they were both children Cambridge was still being constructed and was plagued by gangs and poverty. However the two cousins still were fond of the town. Captain Ronald D Preston was a descendant of Drakes military leaders, and William G Afton was the grandson of a wealthy fast food chain empire. But as the hope of Cambridge developing into a real city faded they decided to leave. William went on to try and form a new restaurant chain in the U.S.A, unfortunately he formed a crippling lean addiction and was forced to give up his job. He was so leaned out that some people said his skin was turning purple. Captain Ronald Preston went on to work as a principal to children at the Italian-Brazilian DMZ/Embassy. however he never felt accomplished, because like most sane people, he hated Brazil. One day on TV they both saw that some dude in their old town had made a new type of sandwich and was dominating the culinary world. William G Afton was infuriated that the place he left was the new culinary capital of the world, Captain Ronald Preston didn't really care but just wanted any excuse to get TF out of Brazil. They called each other and agreed to both return to Cambridge together. When they arrived in Cambridge everything seemed brighter than before. And the streets were cleaner. Although Cambridge was not as advanced in technology as some other places, it was still leaps and bounds ahead of the filthy slums of Brazil or the numbing buzz of cheap fluorescent lights in the backrooms of a run down pizzeria . As they walked through the streets they became nostalgic and were reminded of all the memories of growing up here. They were both very happy in their old town. when all of a sudden they had an idea that would change history. "We should open our own restaurant!" William said excitedly. "I'm a MF school principal, and you suck donkey balls at running businesses. how could that work? ``said a not so enthusiastic Ron. "I've got that covered, just hear me out. What if using your big brain teaching skills we opened a school and I opened a shop in the cafeteria". "That idea is objectively horrible" replied Ron. "but what if the people from my old businesses taught the students at your school how to cook. Then we'd have them do some cooking while you teach them." "That sounds like a horrible idea, why don't you just learn to cook yourself?" "Because, I'll be too busy gathering Childr -     I mean ingredients, yeahhh. And besides this isn't the worst idea i've ever had". "That is true, this is significantly better than your "other" business model, Fine let's do this, Cambridge needs a public school anyway." "LESSS GOOO (hits the Griddy)". So they got to work. They needed to decide which cuisine they wanted to serve. After some deliberation they decided to go with Pizza. It was simple and easy, plus William has plenty of experience with it. Now all they need to do is design the school. They needed somebody who knew everything there was to know about construction. Thankfully they were just in luck, world famous designer/inventor Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter was in town looking for a mansion big enough for him and all his bitches, oh and also his wife. He agreed to come over and help them build the school in exchange for free pizza for him and his hoes, Ron and Will decided to give only him free pizza because if they decided to give each one of his girls even 1 slice each they would go bankrupt because of how much pizza they would need to make. They Decided the school would be built in the same style as most schools, with large windows, open spaces and a poob ton of lockers. it was also much bigger than most schools and had a massive cafeteria and two wumbo chungus gyms and classrooms. Its biggest room was the cafeteria where all the cooking and learning would take place. There was also a special room inside the cafeteria where they could make and sell food to students. It took over 11 months to construct but it was ready. Ron was excited, and so was will, for other reasons. {TO BE CONTINUED} END





Title: The Submarine Rises, 1964

It was two years after the great success of the first Mr.Sub and now things are growing faster than ever before. The Mr.Sub Sandwich Bar was open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. People from all across the country and even farther came in to eat their favorite sandwiches. Mr.Sub was the most popular place in town, people lined up outside waiting for their turn to get some of the best food in the world. Mr.Sub's popularity continued to grow as the years passed. More locations were opened up in many different places, including a location in Seattle, Washington. The first Mr.Sub restaurant in Cambridge was a huge success. If only Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter had known how successful his invention would become he probably wouldn't have been as successful as an inventor but at least he would be rich. But unfortunately for Mr.Sub, there is always going to be competition. Other restaurants started popping up making similar foods to Mr.Sub's, including a location in a local school which generates almost infinite money. So to keep up with his competitor Mr.Sub has to invent new recipes all the time and constantly come up with new ways of winning customers over. So began the hunt across Cambridge to create a super sandwich. One that would top any other sandwich on the market, one that could compete with the best around. And it seems like they found what they needed: Mr.Sub himself! He went through countless tests and trials to make sure he was able to provide the best possible sandwich to his customers. After months of hard work and experimentation, Mr.Sub finally came up with the perfect recipe. A sandwich that would beat all the others. The Sandwich of the Century! Finally a sandwich so good it would be able to defeat all the other competitors on the market. The key was... Lean Meat. not meat that is lean, but meat that is made out of Lean, AKA Codeine beef. That is why the new recipe calls for Lean Meat, more specifically, Lean Beef. So Mr.Sub gathered all of the ingredients together, including the Lean Meat and put them into a frying pan filled with lean, sprite, ice, melted jolly ranchers, chicken nuggets and yesterday's spaghetti water. The result was something incredible, a sandwich so good that it would blow everyone away. It was then decided by Mr.Sub himself, Mr. Sub, to give the Sandwich of the Century to one lucky customer by doing a massive giveaway event. This giveaway was plastered on every surface that would hold tape in cambridge. There was nothing on the posters but tear off phone numbers and the mr sub logo. When called you would automatically be put in the selection pool for a group of 5 hand selected by Mr sub. Of course you didn't know this until you won, if you did in the first place that is.END





Title: Preston origins, 1964

The year was 1964 and Captain Ronald Preston also known as R.Pëëzy was not about to let his cousin William G Afton have all the fun while he was busy turning Cambridge into a culinary empire built on the backs of Crack and Lean Meat sandwiches so he decided to carve out his own legacy in the northern reaches of the town where the land was cheap and the people were desperate for leadership or at least someone to tell them what to do R.Pëëzy stood on a rickety wooden crate in the middle of a muddy field and announced to the handful of confused onlookers that this here was the birth of a new district a place where the strong could thrive and the weak could at least pretend they were strong he called it Preston because he liked the sound of his own name and because he had once read in a book that naming things after yourself was the first step to immortality the locals who were mostly farmers and a few ex convicts who had nowhere else to go shrugged and said why not at least it wasnt Brazil The first order of business was to build a monument to himself so R.Pëëzy commissioned a statue of his own likeness holding a giant sandwich in one hand and a sword in the other to symbolize his dual passions of culinary domination and military discipline the sculptor a man who owed R.Pëëzy a favor from a questionable card game in the past did his best but the statue ended up looking more like a constipated owl than a fearsome leader still R.Pëëzy declared it perfect and placed it in the center of what he now called Preston Square the people of Preston were not sure what to make of their new leader but they were even less sure about the statue so they just nodded and clapped when he gave a speech about the virtues of hard work and the importance of never questioning authority especially his own To solidify his rule R.Pëëzy established a few key institutions the first was the Preston Academy for the Art of Not Dying which was really just a repurposed barn where he taught the locals how to avoid getting stabbed in the back a skill he had mastered during his time in the Italian Brazilian DMZ the second was the Preston Bank and Trust which was just a hollowed out tree stump where people could deposit their life savings and R.Pëëzy could take them as a loan whenever he felt like it and the third was the Preston Tavern a place where the townsfolk could gather to drink warm beer and listen to R.Pëëzy tell increasingly exaggerated stories about his military career and his many many victories over the Brazilians As the months went by Preston grew not in size or prosperity but in the sheer force of R.Pëëzys will the people learned to march in formation to salute his statue and to refer to him only as Captain or Your Excellency or sometimes just Sir when they were feeling particularly brave One day a traveler from the southern part of Cambridge wandered into Preston and asked what this place was all about a local who had been there since the beginning just sighed and said welcome to Preston the only district in Cambridge where the leader is crazier than the people he rules





Title: W.G.D Middle School: A Goofy Ahh Masterpiece, 1964

The year was 1964 and William G Afton was back in Cambridge with a new dream a new scheme and a face that was somehow even more purple than when he left. This time he wasn’t just here to sell Crack or build animatronics oh no he had a vision a calling if you will. He was going to build a school. Not just any school though. The William G Afton Discipline Middle School or W.G.D for short because Afton loved acronyms almost as much as he loved causing chaos. The city council had given him the land for free mostly because nobody else wanted it. It was a weird little hill smack dab in the middle of town the kind of place where the wind howled like a ghost with a grudge and the grass grew in patches like it was too tired to commit to the whole yard. Afton looked at that hill and saw potential. Or at least he saw a way to make a quick buck and maybe brainwash a few kids while he was at it. So he got to work. The first problem was the hill itself. It wasn’t big enough for a proper two story school but it wasn’t flat enough for a single story either. So Afton being the genius he was decided to split the difference. The school would be one and a half floors. The bottom half would be built into the hill itself like a bunch of classrooms had been buried alive. The top half would stick out like a sore thumb or in this case like a poorly constructed fire hazard. And right in the middle where the hill sloped just right there would be a set of stairs that connected the two halves because nothing says education like a daily cardio workout just to get to math class. The construction was a disaster from day one. Afton had hired the cheapest labor he could find which in Cambridge meant a bunch of Cracked out former super soldiers who thought they were building a spaceship. The foreman a guy named Bob who may or may not have been a figment of Afton’s imagination kept yelling at the workers to “build it like it’s 1999” which didn’t make any sense but nobody questioned it because Bob also carried a sledgehammer and a look in his eyes that said he wasn’t afraid to use it. The foundation was laid with whatever materials they could scrounge up. Some of the bricks were actual bricks. Others were just painted cinder blocks. A few were literally just stacks of old newspapers held together with spit and hope. The roof was a patchwork of tarps plywood and what looked suspiciously like the hood of an old car. Afton called it “rustic charm.” The city inspector called it “a death trap” but Afton just slipped him a sandwich laced with enough Lean to make him see God and suddenly the school was up to code. The inside was no better. The hallways were so narrow that if two kids tried to pass each other at the same time one of them was going to end up embedded in the wall. The classrooms were oddly shaped thanks to Afton’s insistence that “no two rooms should ever be the same because sameness is for communists.” So you had your standard square rooms that were standard for the time sure but you also had a square room where the teacher had to stand in the corner to avoid getting blasted by the A/C unit with winds of 67 miles an hour, it was also the only room with A/C in the whole school. And of course a "traditional" room where the desks were arranged like a pentagram and looked like it was from the 1920's and one room that was just a long skinny rectangle like someone had stretched it out with a pair of pliers. The cafeteria was the pièce de résistance. It was located in the high half of the school which meant that if you dropped your lunch it rolled all the way to the other end of the room like some kind of twisted game of skee ball. The ceiling was so low that anyone taller than five foot five had to duck to avoid getting a concussion. And the kitchen well let’s just say the health inspector took one look at it and then quit his job to become a fisherman in Brazil. But the real kicker was the stairs. Oh the stairs. They were steep. Like “if you fall you’re going to break every bone in your body” steep. And they creaked. Not just a little creak either. These stairs groaned like an old man getting out of bed after a long night of drinking. They wobbled like they were made of Jell O. And they were always just a little bit slick like someone had greased them up for a practical joke. Which knowing Afton they probably had. The kids of Cambridge were not impressed. On the first day of school half of them showed up just to see what the hell Afton had built. The other half were there because their parents had bribed them with promises of new shoes or a pony or literally anything to get them to go. But as soon as they stepped inside they knew this was going to be a special kind of hell. The lockers didn’t close all the way so if you put your books in them they’d just fall out the other side. The bathrooms had no doors because Afton said “privacy is for the weak.” And the PA system was just a guy named Dave (short for Davis) who would yell announcements through a megaphone from the top of the stairs. Dave was also the janitor the lunch lady and the school nurse. Afton called it “multitasking.” The teachers were no better. Most of them were either former Crackheads who Afton had picked up off the street or people who owed him money. The math teacher Mr. Jenkins had a glass eye that he claimed could see the future but really it just made him look like he was always judging you. The English teacher Ms. Holloway was convinced she was the reincarnation of Shakespeare and would only speak in iambic pentameter (I had to google that shit). And the gym teacher Coach Riggs was a former pro wrestler who had been banned from the sport for “excessive enthusiasm.” His idea of gym class was just throwing the kids into a pit and letting them fight it out. But the worst part of W.G.D Middle School was the smell. It was a mix of old Crack stale Lean and something indescribable that might have been the ghost of a thousand bad decisions. The kids called it “the Afton Aroma.” Afton called it “character.” And then there was the field. Oh the field. It was less of a field and more of a minefield. The grass if you could even call it that was patchy and yellow like it had given up on life. And scattered all over it were needles. Not just a few either. It looked like someone had taken a giant salt shaker filled with needles and just gone to town. And if the needles weren’t bad enough there were also whip its. Or as the kids called them “Galaxy Gas.” Little silver canisters of nitrous oxide just lying around like they were part of the landscape. The kids would find them during recess and huff them like it was a rite of passage. Afton of course knew about the needles and the whip its. He’d put them there himself. He figured it was all part of the learning experience. “Kids gotta learn about the real world sometime” he’d say with a shrug. “Might as well be now.” Despite all this or maybe because of it W.G.D Middle School became a legend in Cambridge. It was the kind of place where you didn’t go to learn you went to survive. And if you made it out alive you had a story to tell for the rest of your life. Afton was proud. He’d stand at the top of those rickety stairs looking down at his kingdom of chaos and smile that purple tinged smile of his. “This” he’d say “is education.” And then he’d cackle like a man who knew he’d just gotten away with something. Because he had. And Cambridge would never be the same. END





Title: Business 202: WG.Afton's Guide to Robotics (P2), 1964

William G Afton, was once again back on his murderous fucky wucky Godzilla(tm) rampage type shit. This time, he had a new plan to create an army of animatronics, because that always goes so well for him. This time they would be animatronic pizza makers using advanced robotics to replace the students making the pizza. They would be powered by artificial intelligence. He believed that this new creation would revolutionize the fast food industry and make him a fortune. However William had never created the robot animatronics entirely by himself before, and he justknew he could never go back to his old animatronic designer due to unfortunate circumstances. He needed a person who had lots of skill and who would not spread word of his new invention, luckily he knew just the person. Meanwhile, Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter was working on a new invention of his own. He wanted to create a fuel or oil infused with codeine, a powerful painkiller and core ingredient of lean. His goal was to create a fuel reservoir that he could attach to his new saw project that could allow it to be used portabel without electricity and without creating any emissions. One day, the two crossed paths at a hidden technology convention for the town's brightest minds. Afton was showcasing his latest animatronic pizza makers, while Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter was presenting his new invention to a panel of scientists and experts. Afton saw an opportunity to partner with Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter and offer his animatronic technology to make the production of William G Aftons famous codeine pizza. He approached Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter with his proposal, but he was skeptical of Afton's intentions. Despite Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter's reservations, Afton convinced him to give his technology a chance. Together, they worked tirelessly to create the perfect codeine pizza. They spent long hours in Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Mitre's Wood-Den lab, testing and tweaking the technology until they finally achieved success. The final product was a true masterpiece, a delicious pizza infused with codeine that could provide relief to those in need. Afton had redeemed himself by using his skills for good, and Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter had successfully created a groundbreaking new invention, each going their separate ways with their new inventions. However, Afton's dark past could not be forgotten, and he soon reverted to his old ways. Afton had always been ambitious, and the success of the codeine pizza had only fueled his desire for more power and control. He saw an opportunity to take over the fast food industry with his animatronic technology, and he was willing to do whatever it takes to achieve his goal. Afton saw what was happening slowly on the streets of Cambridge as Crack slowly consumed people. He thought he could use the lean to control and conquer people like the Crack cjustould. One day, Afton secretly tampered with the codeine pizza, He replaced the "OG Wockhardt Nummer sieben klassische Formel" with trace amounts of Crack and WD-40 making it even more addictive and potent than before. He knew that this would create a loyal customer base of students, but at a great cost to their health and well-being. Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter soon found out about Afton's treachery and was shocked and disappointed. He had trusted Afton to do the right thing, but instead, he had betrayed their partnership and endangered the lives of countless people. Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter confronted Afton in the school cafeteria about his actions, but the Purple Guy was unrepentant. He believed that his actions were justified, and that he was simply providing a product that people wanted. Their argument soon turned physical, with Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter attempting to subdue Afton and put a stop to his plans. However, during the struggle, Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter accidentally ingested a piece of the corrupted codeine pizza. At first, Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter didn't notice anything wrong. However, over time, he began to experience strange side effects. He became increasingly aggressive and irrational, lashing out at those around him and struggling to control his emotions. Afton, seeing an opportunity, used Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter's weakened state to launch a full-scale attack. He sent his animatronic pizza makers after Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter, hoping to poob on Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter once and for all. Despite his compromised state, Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter fought back Realizing the severity of the situation, Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter activated his secret army of Rip-bladed robots, which had been designed for use in emergencies. These robots were armed with razor-sharp blades and advanced targeting systems, making them a formidable force. They all launched themselves out from the oddly placed snipers den in the south end of the cafeteria. In addition, Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter equipped his personal mechanical armor suit, which had been designed for use in situations like this. The suit provided him with enhanced strength, agility, and protection from Afton's attacks. With his army of robots and mechanical suit, Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter was able to fight back against Afton's animatronic pizza makers. He cut through their metal frames with ease, striking them down one by one. Afton, realizing that he was no match for Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter and his advanced technology, retreated, vowing to come back with an even stronger army. {TO BE CONTINUED}END
       




Title: The Submarine Ascends, 1964

The Sandwich of the Century giveaway was a sensation. The entire town of Cambridge was buzzing with excitement, and the five lucky winners were about to experience something beyond their wildest dreams. Mr.Sub himself stood at the front of his flagship restaurant, a gleaming smile on his face as the crowd gathered. The winners were called one by one, their names echoing through the speakers like a divine proclamation. But as the first winner took a bite of the legendary sandwich, something unexpected happened. The Lean Meat, infused with codeine and trace amounts of Crack, began to take effect almost instantly. The winner's eyes rolled back, and a euphoric grin spread across their face. They started dancing, their movements erratic and uncontrollable, as if possessed by an unseen force. The crowd erupted in laughter, thinking it was all part of the show. But Mr.Sub knew better. He watched as the other winners began to exhibit the same symptoms, their bodies twitching and jerking in ways that defied logic. The Sandwich of the Century wasn't just a culinary masterpiece-it was a drug delivery system, and the effects were spreading like wildfire. Word of the sandwich's "special" qualities spread faster than the Crack epidemic itself. People lined up around the block, not just for the taste, but for the experience. Mr.Sub's empire was growing, but so was the chaos. The streets of Cambridge were now filled with people who couldn't stop moving, their bodies locked in a perpetual state of spastic euphoria. It was a sight to behold, a city consumed by the power of the Lean Meat. Meanwhile, William G. Afton watched from the shadows, a sinister smile on his face. His plan was working perfectly. The animatronic pizza makers were nearly complete, and with the city in this state, no one would suspect a thing. He had already begun testing the animatronics in secret, their mechanical arms whirring as they kneaded dough and sprinkled codeine-infused cheese. The pizzas they produced were unlike anything the world had ever seen-addictive, irresistible, and utterly uncontrollable. But Afton wasn't the only one with plans. Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter, still reeling from his near-death experience and the betrayal by his wife, had been working on a new invention in secret. His latest creation was a device capable of neutralizing the effects of the Lean Meat, a countermeasure to Afton's growing influence. He knew that if he didn't act soon, Cambridge would be lost to the madness of the Sandwich of the Century and the animatronic army. As the city descended into chaos, Mr.Sub realized the gravity of the situation. He had created a monster, and now it was consuming everything in its path. He knew he had to do something, but he wasn't sure what. The Sandwich of the Century had taken on a life of its own, and the people of Cambridge were its willing slaves. The stage was set for a showdown. Mr.Sub, Afton, and Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter were on a collision course, each with their own agenda, their own vision for the future of Cambridge. And caught in the middle were the people, the unsuspecting citizens who had become pawns in a game they didn't even know they were playing. The Sandwich of the Century had struck back, and the city would never be the same.





Title: The Submarine Strikes Back, 1964

The streets of Cambridge were now a writhing, twitching sea of Lean Meat addicts, their bodies jerking like marionettes (FNAF REFERNCE?!?! arr arr arr arr) on a caffeine binge. Mr.Sub stood atop the roof of his flagship restaurant, watching the chaos unfold below. His grin was wide, but his eyes were narrow with calculation. He had expected hype, he had expected lines around the block, but he had not expected this-a city-wide spastic rave where people were licking the pavement for crumbs of his sandwich like it was the last slice of pizza at a frat party. Then, the ground shook. Not from an earthquake, but from the sheer weight of William G. Afton's ego as he rolled up in his custom, purple-painted, Crack-fueled monster truck, its exhaust pipes belching out a thick, neon-green smoke that smelled suspiciously like melted jolly ranchers and regret. The truck's speakers blasted "I LOVE LEAN" by Y?TË at a volume that could shatter a man's soul-or at least his eardrums. Afton leaned out the window, his purple-tinged face twisted into a smirk so smug it could curdle milk. "HEY MR.SUB, YOU FORGOT THE SECRET INGREDIENT!" Afton bellowed, tossing a bag of pure, uncut Crack onto the roof. It landed at Mr.Sub's feet with a bang(no bus) "YOUR SANDWICHES ARE BUNS (see what I did there? Like sandwich buns.)! LET ME SHOW YOU HOW IT'S DONE!" Mr.Sub's eye twitched. He hated two things in this world: people who called his food buns (subs don't have "buns" technically), and people who were right. And Afton, the absolute donkey-brained, backstabbing, purple-skinned menace, was both. Before Mr.Sub could retort or say anything retorted (lol), the sky darkened. Not from clouds, but from the sheer number of animatronic pizza makers Afton had unleashed from the back of his truck like megaminds minions. They descended like a swarm of mechanical locusts, their metal claws clutching pizzas that smelled suspiciously like addiction and bad decisions. The pizzas glowed faintly, the cheese bubbling with an unnatural, codeine-infused sheen. The animatronics began tossing slices into the crowd, and the already Cracked-out citizens of Cambridge lost what little sanity they had left. They started inhaling the pizzas like they were lines of cocaine, their eyes rolling back so far they could probably see their own brain cells dying. Mr.Sub wasn't about to let Afton steal his thunder-or his customers. He reached into his blazer and pulled out the one thing he knew could rival Afton's abominations: The Instant Sandwich Maker 3000(tm), Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter's stolen prototype, now modified to shoot sandwiches at Mach 5 speeds. He slammed a button, and the machine whirred to life, spitting out Sandwiches of the Century like a fully automatic, carb-loaded cannon. "EAT THIS, YOU PURPLE PISS-STAIN!" Mr.Sub yelled, firing a volley of sandwiches directly at Afton's truck. The sandwiches hit with the force of a thousand hungry teenagers, splattering Lean Meat and melted jolly ranchers across the windshield. Afton's truck swerved, its tires screeching as it skidded sideways, nearly crushing a group of addicts who were too busy licking the pavement to notice. Afton, now covered in sandwich guts, let out a roar that was half-laugh, half-rage. "OH, IT'S ON, SUBMARINE!" He hit a switch on his dashboard, and his animatronic pizza makers suddenly transformed. Their doughy faces split open, revealing hidden, Crack-powered flamethrowers. They unleashed a wall of fire so hot it could melt a man's face off-or at least his dignity. Mr.Sub barely had time to dive behind a dumpster as the flames licked the air where he'd been standing. The dumpster, now glowing red-hot, let out a sad, metallic ping. Mr.Sub groaned, peeking out to see his beloved Instant Sandwich Maker 3000(tm) now looked like a sad, half-melted toaster. "Aw, come on!" But Mr.Sub wasn't out of tricks yet. He pulled out a secret weapon from his pocket: The Emergency Jolly Rancher(tm). A single, giant, glowing Jolly Rancher, infused with enough codeine to tranquilize a small elephant. He hurled it at Afton's truck like a fastball from the gods themselves. The candy smashed into the truck's grill, and for a moment, nothing happened. Then- BOOM. The truck's engine backfired with the force of a supernova, sending Afton flying out of the driver's seat and crashing through the window of a nearby bakery. He landed in a pile of fresh baguettes (probably from a dirty Frnchman, gross) which, in true Cambridge fashion, were somehow also laced with Crack. Afton groaned. Meanwhile, the animatronic pizza makers, now leaderless, began to malfunction. Their flamethrowers (powered by Amouranth "fart in a jars" gas) sputtered out, and their mechanical limbs started flailing wildly, sending pizzas flying in every direction like frisbees of doom. One pizza hit a streetlight, causing it to short-circuit and explode in a shower of sparks. Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter, who had been watching the entire spectacle from the safety of a nearby clock tower (because of course there was a clock tower), couldn't take it anymore. "ENOUGH OF THIS GOOFY AHH NONSENSE!" he yelled, leaping from the tower with the grace of a man who had definitely ingested something he shouldn't have. He landed in the middle of the street, his mechanical armor suit (which he had totally not stolen from a dead scientist) whirring to life. "YOU TWO ARE WORSE THAN MY FUTURE EX-WIFE, AND THAT'S SAYING SOMETHING!" With a flick of his wrist, Sir Jesse activated his Rip-Bladed Robots(tm), which burst from the sewers like a swarm of metallic, blade-wielding nightmares. They descended upon the animatronic pizza makers, slicing and dicing them into scrap metal with the precision of a sushi chef on a caffeine binge. The pizzas, now free from their mechanical overlords, rained down from the sky like manna from heaven or at least, manna if manna was a highly addictive street drug. Afton, still dazed from his baguette landing, tried to crawl away, but Mr.Sub was already on him, pinning him down with a knee to the back. "You absolute donkey," Mr.Sub hissed, "I oughta shove a Sandwich of the Century so far up your ass you'll be shitting euphoria (Sydney Sweeney booba show aiudflhl)  for a week." Afton, ever the charmer, grinned up at him, his teeth stained purple from the baguette juice (Dirty quebec/Frnch codeine). "Worth it." Sir Jesse stomped over, his armor clanking ominously. "Alright, listen up, you two buffoons. This ends NOW. Afton, you're coming with me to """detox"""(his buns are getting spread for sure) Mr.Sub, you're cleaning up this mess. Infact, for making this bullshit I declare that if any of my student/disciples walk into class with Mr.Sub products or any food at all they will be sent outside! Mr.Sub sighed, releasing Afton, who immediately tried to steal a slice of pizza off the ground. "Fine. But I'm keeping the sandwich cannon." Sir Jesse groaned, rubbing his temples. "I hate this town." And with that, the battle was over. The streets of Cambridge were a mess of melted cheese, half eaten sandwiches, and so on. The citizens, still high as kites, cheered as if this were the greatest show on Earth. Afton, Mr.Sub, and Sir Jesse stood in the middle of it all, exhausted, covered in food, and somehow, still alive. Afton wiped pizza sauce off his face and smirked. "Same time next week?" Mr.Sub and Sir Jesse groaned in unison. "GET OUT OF MY SIGHT."






Title: Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter (P1), 1964

Several decades after the first deployment of the racijustsm beam in the newly developed town of Cambridge and just a few months after the goofy ahh situation with the local school board , World renown engineer and inventor of the Miter saw had finally moved into town. Sir Jesse Erle Miter. Jesse had a high status in society at the time for his invention, but so did everyone in Cambridge at the time. It was a city filled with new opportunities and all the highest in society wanted to be a part of it. But unlike most other people in the upper echelon Jesse was renowned for his other special talent, his bitch getting abilities. With his high 7 '2 stature and all his money from inventing the miter saw, all the hoes loved him, except his wife. Jesse's  wife decided to put an end to the Mitre legacy by putting in the wrong blade into his beloved saw to teach him a lesson. However she didn't realize that Jesse had a secret trick he used to harness the full power of the saw,The "N-Word". At a very specific point when you cut the wood, just after the halfway point, the saw's guard would be fully open, allowing the blade to move even faster by a second power source, and there's only one thing that has enough power to make the velocity even faster, The "N-Word". Jesse walked up to his fabulous invention with a piece of walnut wood that he was going to cut, it was fine... Until the wood started to shake uncontrollably he quickly pushed down and with no other choice, he yelledjust the N word with all his might. The blade snapped in two cutting his stomach. His wife emerged from the shadows acting surprised and she asked if he needed help, he asked her for his prototype "Fix everything O-matic" An new hammer that could fix anything with the power of the "N-Word". But instead his wife handed him the mallet and explained that she is the one who put the wrong blade in on purpose. Sir Jesse Erle Mitre had enough of this bullshit from his wife, as he laid on the floor bleeding out from his incredibly massive peen, he soon died with his wife in his new Cambridge home. Sir Jesse Erle Mitre's soul came out of his body and so did his wifes. He slowly picked up the hammer he used to fuck his wifes skull over with and tried to beat what remained of her soul with it. Using the rest of his strength in ghost form he smacked his wife down and blongende her with the mallet and they both died out on the floor... END





Title: Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter (P1.5) - The Ghost and the Griddy, 1964

The moment Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter's soul slipped from his bleeding, half-sawed body, he expected two things: eternal peace or eternal bitches. What he didn't expect was to wake up in the middle of a fucking board meeting. The room was dim, lit only by the flickering glow of a single, suspiciously sentient overhead light. Around a long mahogany table sat a group of figures-some in suits, some in robes, one in what looked like a full-body KFC uniform. At the head of the table sat a man with a nameplate that read "GOD (Probably)", sipping from a mug that said "World's Okayest Deity." "Ah, Jesse," the man said, not looking up from his clipboard. "Took you long enough. We've been waiting." Jesse looked down at himself. He was transparent, but not in the "I'm a cool ghost" way-more in the "I'm a glitchy JPEG" way. His edges flickered like a bad Wi-Fi connection. "The fuck is this? Am I dead? Did my wife finally win?" "Technically, yes," said a woman in a pantsuit, flipping through a file labeled "JESSE'S BULLSHIT (Vol. 1-8)." "But we've got a situation. You see, souls like yours-loud, violent, and extremely horny-don't just fade out. You've got unfinished business." Jesse scoffed. "Unfinished business? Lady, I finished plenty of business. I built a saw, I built a bigger saw, I built a mech suit with more saws and you already know I used a pringles can a spogde and some gloves for a secret mech port to I could finish my own business, and I always finished  ifyouknowwhatimsayin-" "Yes, yes, very impressive," interrupted a skeletal figure in a hoodie, rolling his eye sockets. "But you also left behind a mess. William G. Afton is still out there, turning Cambridge into his personal Crack-fueled hellscape. And let's be real you hate losing." Jesse's ghostly dih twitched at the thought. "That purple-faced, backstabbing, pizza-loving son of a-" "Exactly," said God (Probably), slamming his mug down. "So here's the deal. You're not dead dead. You're limbo dead. You've got 24 spiritual hours to either. Move on (boring),  Possess someone and fix your shit (fun), or  Get lost in the void forever (also boring, but with more screaming)." Jesse didn't hesitate. "Option two. Who we bodysnatching?"
The KFC guy raised a fried chicken leg. "How 'bout me?" "No," Jesse and the entire board said in unison. The woman in the pantsuit slid a file across the table. "We've got a perfect candidate. A high school teacher. Name's Mr. Erle. Works at Preston High. Boring, forgettable, no one will notice if he starts acting... different." Jesse flipped through the file. Mr. Erle was a middle-aged so sad it looked like it had given up on life. "This guy looks like he's already half-dead. Perfect." "There's a catch," said the skeletal figure. "You can't just jump in. You've gotta earn the body. Prove you're worthy." Jesse groaned. "Worthy? Since when do I gotta be worthy? I invented the N-Word Powered Miter Saw!" "Since now," said God (Probably), standing up. "Here's how it works: You've gotta beat off Afton... uhh I mean beat Afton. Show us you're still the king of Cambridge's bullshit. Last one standing gets the body. Lose, and you're actually dead." Jesse's ghostly form flickered with excitement. "So... a rematch? Bet!" Jesse's first stop was Afton's secret lab, hidden beneath the school cafeteria where the animatronic pizza makers were being assembled. The place was a nightmare of half-built robots, Crack-infused pizza dough, and a suspiciously large pile of WD-40 cans labeled "DO NOT DRINK (Seriously, Helmbecker)." Afton was there, mid-monologue to a room full of animatronics. "...And that, my beautiful, murderous clanker children, is why you always add extra cheese. It's the glue that holds society andthechildernscorpses together." Jesse, invisible to the naked eye, floated above him. "Alright, Purple Dick. Let's play." He found Afton's most prized possession: his custom, Crack-powered, purple-painted mech suit he looted from Jesse after he died, parked in the corner like a demonic Transformer (so megatron I guess). Jesse phased into the cockpit and started it up. The mech's eyes lit up. Afton turned, his grin faltering for the first time. "...The fuck?" The mech did the Griddy. . Afton's face went from confusion to horror as his own mech (even though he technically stole it) started twerking  "STOP IT!" Afton yelled, lunging for the controls. But the mech was too fast, spinning, dipping with the precision of a  O.F "influencer". It moonwalked across the lab, knocking over tables, sending Crack-infused pizza dough flying like confetti. Afton tried to fight back, but every time he got close, the mech would hit him with the "N-Word Power Move" spiritual being only blast so strong it sent him flying into a pile of spare animatronic parts. "YOU CHEATING GHOST BASTARD! I didn't thin your wife meant you cheated at fighting too" Afton screamed, crawling out of the wreckage. Jesse, still in control of the mech, leaned down so his ghostly face was inches from Afton's. "Nah, bitch. I'm just better. (same thing he said to his wife when he got caught with his mechs "pringles can special") Afton's eye twitched. Then, slowly, he smiled. "...You know what? Fine. You win this round." He reached into his pocket and pulled out a mysterious vial of glowing purple liquid. "But I've got a new project. And you're not gonna like it." Before Jesse could react, Afton chugged the vial. His body convulsed, his skin rippled, and for a second, his eyes turned completely black. Then- POOF. Afton vanished. Jesse was left standing in the mech, now completely still, the lab silent except for the sound of his own ghostly breathing. "...What the fuck was that?" The board's voice echoed in his head: "Time's up, Jesse. You won by technicallity (the gayest way to win). The body's yours." Jesse groaned. "Yeah, yeah. But what the hell did Afton just-" "Not our problem," said God (Probably). "You got what you wanted. Now go." The Possession. Jesse woke up in Mr. Erle's body, gasping like he'd just been sucker-punched by reality itself. He looked down at his new dad-bod, the sad  eyes, the khakis. "Ugh. I look like a substitute teacher." But it was better than being dead. He flexed his new fingers, then punched the wall just to feel something. The drywall crumbled. "Still got it." Outside, the school bell rang. Students shuffled in, completely unaware that their woodshop teacher was now a ghost-piloted, saw-wielding, chaos-loving legend. Jesse looked at the miter saw in the corner of the room. "Alright, kids. Today's lesson? How to cut wood... and also your enemies." And with that, (Sir) Jesse (Pinkman) Erle (Miter)  was officially in the building. Meanwhile, somewhere in the shadows of Cambridge, William G. Afton's laughter echoed-deeper, darker, and weirder than before. END





Title: The Great Cambridge Pizza Delivery Debacle of 1965

The year was 1965 and the city of Cambridge was still buzzing from the aftershocks of the Sandwich of the Century incident but now there was a new problem brewing in the streets and it was all thanks to William G Afton's latest brainchild. You see Afton had decided to pivot from his animatronic pizza makers to a new business venture Afton's All Night Pizza Delivery a service that promised to deliver a hot pizza to your door in 30 minutes or less or your money back. The catch was that the pizzas were laced with enough Crack and Lean to make a grown man cry and the delivery boys were all former Cracked out super soldiers who had somehow regained just enough sanity to ride a bike but not enough to remember where they were going. Meanwhile Mr.Sub was not about to let Afton steal his thunder so he launched his own delivery service Mr.Sub's Midnight Munchies which promised to deliver a Sandwich of the Century to your door in 20 minutes or less or you get a free side of fries. The catch was that the sandwiches were so powerful that the delivery boys had to wear hazmat suits to avoid passing out mid delivery. The streets of Cambridge soon turned into a chaotic free for all as delivery boys from both services raced through the city like a bunch of caffeinated squirrels. One delivery boy from Afton's service was so high that he accidentally delivered a pizza to the mayor's office instead of the address on the order. The mayor took one bite and immediately started dancing on his desk like a man possessed. Another delivery boy from Mr.Sub's service got lost and ended up in the middle of a P&H Milling Group meeting where he proceeded to drop a Sandwich of the Century on the table. Helmbecker and Perish looked at the sandwich then at each other and said in unison "What the fuck is this shit?" before passing out cold. The chaos reached its peak when a delivery boy from Afton's service and a delivery boy from Mr.Sub's service collided in the middle of King Street sending pizzas and sandwiches flying through the air like a culinary meteor shower. The citizens of Cambridge who were already high as kites started catching the food mid air and stuffing it into their mouths like they were playing the world's most dangerous game of catch. Mr.Sub and Afton watched from a distance as their delivery boys turned the city into a warzone of carbs and chaos. "This is getting out of hand" Mr.Sub said. Afton grinned. "Nah this is beautiful." Just then Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter's ghost appeared out of nowhere and said "You two are worse than my ex wife and that's saying something." He floated over to the delivery boys and started possessing them one by one turning them into a well oiled delivery machine. The delivery boys started working together like a well rehearsed dance troupe delivering pizzas and sandwiches with the precision of a Swiss watch. The citizens of Cambridge cheered as the food kept coming and the streets were soon filled with the sounds of laughter and the smell of Crack infused carbs. Mr.Sub and Afton looked at each other and said in unison "Well shit." And with that the Great Cambridge Pizza Delivery Debacle came to an end leaving the city with a newfound love for food delivery and a bunch of confused but well fed citizens. END





Title: PHS origins, 1967

The year was 1967 and Captain Ronald Preston also known as R.Pëëzy decided that Preston needed a high school not for education but for indoctrination so he founded Preston High School or PHS as he liked to call it because it sounded like the noise he made when he was constipated which was often The school motto was “Knowledge is Power but Power is Better” and the mascot was a very confused looking owl that R.Pëëzy insisted was a fearsome eagle The first day of school R.Pëëzy stood in front of the students who were mostly the children of farmers and ex convicts and announced that the curriculum would include mandatory classes like “How to Salute Properly” “The Art of Not Dying” and “Why Captain Preston is the Greatest Human to Ever Live” The science teacher was a man named Mr Jenkins who had once been a real scientist but after a unfortunate incident involving a beaker a bunsen burner and R.Pëëzys ego he now taught that the earth was flat and that gravity was just R.Pëëzys way of keeping everyone grounded The math teacher Mrs Holloway was convinced that the only numbers that mattered were the ones in R.Pëëzys bank account so she spent most of her time teaching the students how to count his money which was usually just a pile of IOUs and empty promises The history class was taught by R.Pëëzy himself and it was mostly just stories about his supposed military victories which grew more ridiculous with each retelling One day he claimed to have single handedly defeated an entire Brazilian army with nothing but a spoon and a very stern look The school lunch program was run by the same people who supplied the Preston Tavern so the students ate warm beer and stale sandwiches while R.Pëëzy dined on steak and lobster in his office which was really just a repurposed broom closet The school had no sports teams because R.Pëëzy believed that the only sport that mattered was the sport of war which he had never actually played but he did like to watch the students wrestle each other for his amusement The school year ended with a graduation ceremony where R.Pëëzy handed out diplomas that were really just napkins with his signature on them and he gave a speech about how the students were now ready to take on the world or at least ready to take on whatever nonsense he threw at them next and as the students left the school that day they all knew one thing for sure that PHS was less of a school and more of a monument to the sheer absurdity of R.Pëëzys rule



 


Title: Xhosa Strippers - These Bitches Love Xhosa, 1976.

`It would be years before Utata could remember anything about where he came from or what happened to him after his mother and father died. But one day while looking through his local run down thrift store he found an old faded african mask covered in dried out peepeepoopoo that had been left there that he thought somehow this ugly MF thing might have been worth something so he bought it and took it home. After seeing the mask on its side he notices an odd engraving in the mask that reads "Little Sticks Only". He realized it must have belonged to his father. He found the only thing of his dad he had, it was the one and only thing he had to remember him by, a reel of celluloid film containing footage of his dad banging a McDonald's Filet O' Fish, Because of the blurriness he couldn't even tell what was sauce and what was his dads ball juice. He realized his dad had the mask propped up by a 3ft Moby Huge dildo in the background and he felt a strange connection to the mask and his father, which brought him to a new understanding and feeling of who he was. He had always believed himself to be a normal man but now he knew that he was more than that. He was a warrior. He began to research the mask and discovered its origin. That it once belonged to a great leader that had fought against the zaza during the civil war. This made him even more curious and he searched out stories of this war and learned that his father was a great warrior known to his opps only as Yonwabela Umthondo, the sussy. END






Title: Lean Ninja: Intro - abyss

{DATE} (U?N?K?N?O?W?N?), The sound created from the clashing of katanas echoed through the walls of the daimyos prefecture as the first samurai were being trained in the ways of the sword, although only 7-9 years old, the life of a samurai is the only life these boys knew day after day, night after night these future samurai trained in unarmed combat skills, most commonly in bujutsu style that eventually spawned karate, judo and aikido. Because warriors always went about armed, this was rarely practiced with the expectation of realistically using it to fight. Instead, samurai studied unarmed fighting to condition themselves physically and to better understand armed combat. They also used the kata, formal practice exercises, as a meditative practice. samurai also trained with the sword, bow and a spear-like weapon called a naginata. During the peak of the feudal period, famed instructors in these arts opened schools under the protection of a single lord, who would encourage his samurai to train there. While training, samurai would use wooden weapons for practice against each other, then sharp swords against dummies made of wood or straw. Samurai also would often practice their weapon techniques against live slaves and prisoners. At the time these young warriors had no idea that one day they would be held in a legendary and almost mythological light still today considered some of the most deadly beings to walk the plane of land and water we call earth. Some day in an era forgotten by the ages: As yoko opened his eyes after a long sleep he saw the majestic ball in the sky his beloved country was named after, he knew he was in for a good day. This was because the sun meant no rain, which meant his dad wouldn't be making him go fishing today. All Yoko thought about was training to become a samurai and the presence of rain prohibited him from moving forward in achieving his dream. When yoko was five his father took him to see a show in the city and it was a samurai demonstration from here on out yoko knew he wanted to become a samurai the only thing standing in his way was the small roadblock. that is that there are no longer samurai. But Yoko did not care, he begged his father to build him a dojo and his father, being wealthy, had a dojo made. He trained vigorously to his own self discipline, he studied the ways of the samurai out of books he found at the library. He followed the training to the T and never lost interest. Then one day years after Yoko began his samurai training a great rain hit his homeland. The rain got heavier, and heavier and this pattern had no culmination in sight. Yoko watched from his window as the rain destroyed the local port. It was almost as if Yoko's mind did not know which emotions to express so there he sat in a curious daze finding a sort of peace in the midst of this storm. Perhaps this was due to his dedication to the way of the bushi, Yoko thought to himself. And then an idea began to brew in his head like the birth of a fire waiting for its kindling. A true samurai would be standing out there in the storm not conforming to its ever growing rage and instead beat the almost divine being at its own game of nature. The flame is growing. It's in your nature to be strong and lay waste to those who dare venture in your path but it's in my nature as a samurai to obliterate those who sit at the top of their food chains and I can withstand even god sent disaster yoko thought immodestly. Then he saw someone and heard them too! Out in the water there was a girl. A couple hundred yards out. Not quite sure how he heard it but now the flame no bigger than what may be produced by a bic lighter has now finally had its kindling fed. The fire Erupts like a volcano. Yoko runs as fast as he can and dives head first off the mountain his house is built on. Splash. Yoko emerges from the water and begins to swim full speed to the girl  he has almost reached her and all of a sudden the sea opens like a drain and yoko is swallowed into the abyss. END






Title: Lean Ninja: The Discovery

{DATE} (U?N?K?N?O?W?N?), Amnesia... a scary thought... but a very real possibility. Yoko's eyes darted open, his body drenched in sweat. riddled with anxiety. What he saw... or rather what he thought he saw, shocked him to his core. Not even his many years of samurai training could have prepared him for pure raw horror he experienced during the great fall. He watched in horror as he witnessed demons, horrible gut wrenching demons rip apart human bodies. Presumably the bodies of his family and friends, everyone Yoko ever knew and loved, was now gone... destroyed by these vile creatures. Yoko was too lost in thought to even take a second to look at his surroundings. When he finally did he was surprised, the world around him was... peaceful, it was like something out of an old tale his mother would tell him. As he was taking in the view he noticed something laying on the ground beside him, a little girl. Yoko was confused and in shock but he sprung to action. Wasting no time he picked up the girl and started running. Running to find anything, a cave, a hole, Somewhere to have shelter. Yoko ran and ran, for hours he couldn't find anything. Just as he was about to give up he noticed something in the distance. It looked like a shack, could there be another survivor? As he runs up towards this mysterious shack he realized, this is an abandoned cabin. He walked inside and found everything anyone would ever need to live, a water line, bathroom, kitchen, even 2 bedrooms. The place was a bit of a mess but it was livable. Yoko looked around and found 2 old sleeping bags probably used for camping trips. He opened one up and layed the girl down inside of one, she was still passed out after all. Days passed and the girl still hadn't awoken, she still had a pulse so Yoko knew she wasn't dead. As the days passed Yoko had turned the cabin into a livable space. There was enough wildlife outside to feed a kingdom, and there were plenty of fresh water rivers around to drink from. While Yoko was cleaning a back room in the cabin, he found a chest with a broken lock. He peered inside and found hundreds of scrolls, scrolls that foretold a destiny far greater than Yoko could ever have imagined... END






Title: Lean Ninja: Training

{DATE} (U?N?K?N?O?W?N?), Years passed. During which time Yoko had been training on his own. Learning these ancient techniques passed down from the man Yoko had eventually come to to be known as, The First Spinjitzu Master(tm). As Yoko explored this vast world he stumbled upon a mural depicting a destiny. But not just any destiny, one that foretold of a ninja who would surpass all others, one who would become the second Spinjitzu Master(tm), the Lean Ninja. But there was a problem, this mural read that the second Spinjitzu Master(tm) was not him as he thought, it was a girl... "could it be?" exclaimed Yoko. Yes Yoko, it can... the girl resting so peacefully for years back at the cabin, is the next Spinjitzu Master(tm). As the years passed Yoko had eventually learned spinjitzu but he knew that the only true master would be this girl whom he still had not learned the name of as she was still in a deep slumber. This world was strange, it's like time passed yet, neither Yoko nor the girl ever died. The girl looked as if she was a teenager, 17 or 18 maybe, this was likely due to her sleeping for so many years, she looked so young. Yoko on the other hand had aged his body beyond anything he had ever seen. Yet he felt as if he was still in his early twenties. The mural of destiny had depicted a slumber lasting 2000 years, Yoko knew this meant the girl would awaken after 2000 years. Yoko waited patiently for these years to pass. The time had finally come. 2000 years had finally passed as it was time for the girl to wake up. And sure enough as dawn struck Yoko sat there and watched the girl stir herself awake. "Where am i? What is this place?" Yoko explained the whole situation to this girl, she was confused but eventually grew to accept this fact. One full month had passed and the girl who couldn't even remember her own name finally regained her strength and stopped outside for the first time. Yoko had previously explained the mural wall and the destiny of the second Spinjitzu Master(tm) to this girl so she knew what was coming next. 16 years of vigorous training layed ahead of her, and she was ready. And just like that, Yoko had now become Sensei Yoko. As 16 years passed Sensei Yoko trained this nameless girl. He taught her the art of spinjitzu and the way of the ninja, she had become a natural at every ninja skill known to humankind. It was time to fulfill the prophecy and complete the Second Spinjitzu Master(tm)s legacy. Yoko and the girl traveled to the ancient mural. To begin the ritual and finalize this girl's transition into the Second Spinjitzu Master(tm).END







Title: Lean Ninja: The Reckoning

{DATE} (U?N?K?N?O?W?N?), The time was here, as Yoko gave the girl a nod of approval, she stopped up on the limestone podium. The Mural depicted that the girl must use spinjitzu on the podium for the ritual to begin. With a deep breath and the cross of her fingers, she began to use spinjitzu, as she did so the landscape changed, the rocks began to light up, the world felt like it was shaking, Yoko although terrified knew this was destiny, so he stood his ground. Beams began shooting out of the mural towards the girl, it seemed as though the beams were attracted to the pure power of the girls spinjitzu. A bright purple light flashed upon the land, nearly blinding Yoko in the process. But it was done as the girl stepped off of the podium away from the broken mural she was beaming with purple wockhardt power. She had done it, she had become the Second Spinjitzu Master(tm), the Almighty Lean Ninja. Yoko was beaming with pride, with his destiny being fulfilled Yoko began to feel his age catching up to him, both Yoko and the girl knew this day was coming. But that didn't make it hurt any less, as Yoko lay dying in the girl's hands he handed her something. "A rock?" the girl asked, "Not just any rock, this rock is what had kept us alive for so many years, I discovered it in some ruins many moons ago." explained Yoko. "It's the rock of time, it allows any person who it deems worth to live forever." This was a very powerful final gift from sensei to students. But The Girl wasn't having it, she refused to let her loving mentor die, she laid him down and stepped backward placing the rock of time in between the two of them. "With my power I decide to carve my own destiny for once. I wish to defy all odds and break open and fracture space and time, I give part of my life to thee, oh great rock of time! Let my sensei stay by my side inside of this gift!" This girl's cries were so powerful the universe didn't know what to do. Part of her life force was sucked out along with the soul of Yoko. a loud crack shot through the world breaking the sound barrier, Yoko's soul had been fused to the rock of time effectively changing its shape and color. As the world began to crumble around the Lean Ninja she quickly ran up and grabbed the rock of time and allowed the universe to suck her out of this world. As it did she remembered all those years with Yoko and how happy he made her. She was sad that she couldn't save his life, but happy she could save his soul. With rock in hand she allowed herself to be taken by the universe and sent wherever it takes her. The world shook and as she opened her eyes, she saw... motor vehicles? Deranged zombie like people? A factory? She had arrived, sitting in a park in a world much different to what she had experienced before. A land Known only as Cambridge in the year 2016. Her adventure has only just begun, and this rock in which she deemed, the rock of time 2 stared into the dark city and smiled... END






Title: P&H Milling Group - The Crack Cocaine Conglomerate, 1975

The year was 1975, and the P&H Milling Group had evolved from a back-alley Crack operation into a full-blown, suit-and-tie-wearing, corporate nightmare. Their headquarters, a towering black monolith in the heart of Cambridge, loomed over the city like a middle finger to morality. The building was literally built on top of the old Crack mines, because if there was one thing P&H loved more than money, it was rubbing their success in the faces of the dead. At the top of this evil skyscraper, the two remaining founders-Helmbecker and Perish-sat in their penthouse boardroom, sipping $500-a-glass whiskey (distilled from fermented Crack residue) and laughing like the soulless hyenas they were. "Gentlemen," Helmbecker began, tapping a gold-plated gavel on the table, "business is booming. Our new 'P&H Breakfast Flakes' are flying off the shelves. Kids love 'em, parents hate 'em, and the FDA is too scared to investigate 'em." Perish grinned, swirling his whiskey. "That's 'cause we own the FDA. And the mayor. And the police. And that one guy at the DMV who always gives us free parking passes." Helmbecker chuckled. "And let's not forget our newest venture-P&H Pharmaceuticals." He slid a glossy brochure across the table. On the cover: a smiling, wholesome family holding bottles of "P&H Vitamin C(rack) Drops - For a Happy, Hyper Home!" Helmbecker's eyes lit up. "Genius. We're literally selling Crack to babies now."
"Not just babies," Perish added. "We got P&H Senior Citrus Blend for the old folks. Keeps 'em active. Also keeps 'em addicted." Helmbecker raised his glass. "To P&H: The only corporation brave enough to ask, 'What if everything was Crack?'" The two clinked glasses, their laughter echoing through the Crack-infused marble halls of their empire. The P&H Business Model: Profit Through Pain P&H's corporate strategy was simple:

1. Buy a struggling business.
2. Inject it with Crack (literally or metaphorically).
3. Sell it back to the public at a 10,000% markup.
4. Blame the competition when people started twitching in the streets.

Their latest acquisition? Cambridge General Hospital. "We bought it for peanuts," Perish explained, "then we rebranded it as 'P&H Wellness Center - Where Healing Meets Hustle!'" "And by 'healing,'" Helmbecker cackled, "we mean 'we'll get you hooked on our patented P&H Painkillers(tm) so you never leave.'" Helmbecker leaned forward. "Speaking of which, how's the 'P&H Rehab Program' coming along?" Perish smirked. "Oh, it's flourishing. We charge $10,000 a week for our '12-Step Crack Recovery Course'. Step 1: Admit you have a problem. Step 2: Here's more Crack." "Beautiful," Helmbecker sighed. "And the best part? The government is paying for it. We convinced 'em it's a 'public health initiative'." Helmbecker raised his glass. "To P&H: Turning tragedy into profit since 1857." The P&H Employee of the Month: Just then, the intercom buzzed. "Mr. Helmbecker, sir, we have a situation in R&D," crackled the voice of their overworked, underpaid (and heavily medicated) assistant. Helmbecker sighed. "What now?"
"Well, sir, the new 'P&H Instant Happiness(tm) powder... it's working a little too well." Perish groaned. "How too well?" The assistant hesitated. "The test subject-uh, employee has been laughing nonstop for three days straight. He also bit through his own tongue." Helmbecker pinched the bridge of his nose. "Just promote him to 'Director of Morale' and give him a raise. In P&H Stock Options." "But sir, he ate his own hand-" "Then give him a hook!" Helmbecker roared. "P&H doesn't discriminate against the differently abled!" (FORESHADOWING). The P&H Community Outreach Program: P&H wasn't just about drugs and exploitation they also believed in giving back. Or at least, giving back just enough to avoid lawsuits. Their latest PR stunt? "P&H Cares: Free Crack for the Homeless!" "It's genius," Perish explained to the board. "We donate a few kilos to the shelters, get a tax write-off, and boom-suddenly we're heroes." "And the best part?" Helmbecker added. "The homeless love us. They worship us. We're like gods to them." Perish clapped. "And when they inevitably OD? 'Tragic, but at least they died happy.'" Helmbecker nodded. "We should trademark that slogan." The P&H Future: Bigger, Badder, More Cracked As the meeting wrapped up, Helmbecker stood, adjusting his $5,000 tie (woven from actual Crack fibers). "Alright, team. Next quarter, we're taking P&H global." Perish's eyes gleamed. "You mean... world domination?" No," Helmbecker corrected. "I mean world addiction. We're launching 'P&H International'. First stop: Brazil."(deep cambridge lore reference). Helmbecker cackled. "Oh, they're gonna love us. That place is already half-Cracked." "Exactly," Helmbecker said. "We'll start with the 'P&H Carnival Cruise'-a floating Crack den disguised as a luxury vacation. Then we'll move into 'P&H Rainforest Retreats'-where tourists can 'experience nature' while snorting it." Outside, the city of Cambridge burned-not from fire, but from the sheer, unrelenting greed of the monster they'd created. And P&H? They were just getting started.





Title: P&H Milling Group vs. The Cambridge Government: The Great Crack Standoff of 1982

The year was 1982 and the P&H Milling Group was at the height of its power their Crack empire stretched across Cambridge like a shadowy blanket of bad decisions and worse life choices. Helmbecker and Perish were sitting in their penthouse boardroom when they got a call from their favorite lackey. "Boss we got a problem" the lackey said. "The mayor just announced a new city wide initiative to crack down on drug trafficking and they're calling it Operation Clean Streets." Helmbecker laughed so hard he nearly spilled his whiskey. "Operation Clean Streets" he said "That's rich coming from a city where the streets are literally paved with Crack dust." Perish grinned. "We need to send a message." So they did. The next day the mayor woke up to find his office completely covered in P&H Breakfast Flakes. The cereal was everywhere on his desk in his coffee even in his hair. The mayor tried to clean it up but every time he swept some away more would appear like it was multiplying. He called a press conference to denounce P&H but when he opened his mouth to speak all that came out was "Kids love em parents hate em and the FDA is too scared to investigate em." The crowd erupted in laughter and the mayor's face turned as red as a tomato that had just been caught cheating on its taxes. The P&H Milling Group had declared war. The Cambridge Government struck back by sending a team of undercover cops to infiltrate P&H's operations but the cops were so underpaid and overworked that they immediately defected to P&H after being offered free samples of P&H Vitamin Crack Drops. The mayor was furious. "We need to hit them where it hurts" he said. "Their wallets." So the city council passed a new law that taxed all Crack related products at a rate of 500 percent. P&H responded by simply printing their own money. They started issuing P&H Bucks which could be used to buy anything from Crack to groceries to a new car. The citizens of Cambridge loved it and soon the entire city was using P&H Bucks instead of real money. The mayor tried to outlaw P&H Bucks but the people revolted. They stormed city hall demanding that the government accept P&H Bucks as legal tender. The mayor had no choice but to cave. He signed a new law making P&H Bucks the official currency of Cambridge. Helmbecker and Perish celebrated by throwing a massive party at their headquarters. They invited the entire city and the party was so wild that even the Cracked out super soldiers from the old days came out of hiding to join in the fun. The mayor showed up at the party looking defeated. Helmbecker handed him a glass of whiskey and said "Welcome to the new Cambridge." The mayor sighed and took a sip. "This city is doomed." Helmbecker grinned. "Nah we're just getting started." And with that the Great Crack Standoff of 1982 came to an end with P&H Milling Group emerging victorious and the Cambridge Government officially becoming their bitch. END





Title: Xhosa Strippers - No Mo' Xhosa (2001)

September 1, 2001. Utata is on top of the pimpin' world. He pimps his girls to the highest wealth bracket on Wall Street with his adopted English name, Tyreese. He is now known to everyone in NYC. One of his new friends Jordan Belfort  is allowing him to stay in one of his many penthouse apartments in the Hudson Yards while he took a trip to Norway with 35 of his most ripe girls. By now Utata had 50 million dollars to his name (turns out stock brokers are VERY horny) his wealth came from the richest in New York, hell even Bill Gates got sloppy toppy gawk gawk huck hawk 9001 jaw slide from one of Utatas, shall we say service women. Anyhow, Mileage on a ho is a very wild concept. It means that pimps understand there's a finite amount of bad shit a person can do before they lose their fucking mind. And a good pimp can look at a woman that he's never seen before and call it. She's good for 500 fucks. That's her mileage. Anything over that, that bitch is gonna act like eminem and lose herself, Plus the pussy finna look like someone spent ??1000 at taco bell on straight beef and meat sauce laced with 7 laxatives and took a fiery projectile shit on a burnt to hell arby's triple decker roast beef sandwich coated in ketchup. Why the fuck you think most of us work from nine to five? 'Cause nine to six might kill a bitch. This was something Utata had learned from his good friend Iceberg slimyy. END ({STILL IN PROGRESS})






Title: Xhosa Strippers - No Mo' Xhosa (2001) PT.2 - The Pimp King of Wall Street

September 2, 2001. The sun rose over New York City like a golden dollar sign, and Utata now going by Tyreese for his "professional" pimping career-was already on his third bottle of Cristal by 8 AM. He lounged on the balcony of Jordan Belfort's penthouse, wearing nothing but a silk robe, gold chains, and a scowl so cold it could freeze a ho's heart mid-beat. His phone rang. It was Iceberg slimyy, his pimping mentor, calling from a yacht in the Bahamas. "Yo, Tyreese, my G," slimyy drawled, "I hear you got Bill Gates on that sloppy toppy tip. You wildin'."Utata took a sip of his champagne, the bubbles tickling his nose like the laughter of a thousand broken dreams. "Shit, slimyy, that man got pockets. And pockets mean power. And power mean-"
"More hoes," slimyy finished. "I know, I know. But listen, my boy, you gotta watch your mileage. These Wall Street bitches ain't like the ones back in the day. These hoes got stock options." Utata chuckled, adjusting his robe as a blonde in a bikini walked past, carrying a tray of caviar and Crack-laced gummy bears. "Man, I invented mileage. I look at a bitch and know exactly how many fucks she got left in her. And let me tell you, these Wall Street hoes? They built different." Just then, his right-hand man, Big Drizz, burst into the penthouse, panting like he'd just run a marathon in heels. "Boss! Boss! We got a problem!" Utata didn't even look up. "If it ain't got titties or a price tag, I don't wanna hear it." "It's worse than that!" Drizz wheezed. "Jordan Belfort just called. Said one of his top girls-some chick named Melania-just up and quit." Utata's champagne flute shattered in his hand. "QUIT? BITCH, WHO THE FUCK QUITS ON ME?" "She said she found love," Drizz whispered, like the word itself was a curse. Utata stood up so fast his robe flew open, revealing nothing but confidence and a single, strategically placed gold chain. "Love? LOVE? Drizz, the only love these hoes know is the love of money and the love of this dick." He pointed at himself for emphasis. "She met some dude at a charity gala," Drizz continued. "Some European count or some shit. He got a castle." Utata's eye twitched. "A castle? That bitch left me for a castle?" He grabbed his pimp cane (which doubled as a hidden taser) and stormed toward the door. "Drizz, get the Rolls. We takin' a field trip." The Castle Heist: Twenty minutes later, Utata's pimpmobile-a gold-plated, hydra-suspension, 24-inch rimmed Rolls-Royce Phantom-pulled up to the Waldorf Astoria, where Melania and her new "love" were having brunch. Utata strolled in like he owned the place (because, let's be real, he kind of did). The maître d' tried to stop him, but one glare from Tyreese sent the man scurrying for the kitchen like a roach in daylight. There she was. Melania, sitting at a table with some pale, skinny-ass European dude who looked like he'd never thrown a punch in his life. She was wearing a diamond-encrusted tracksuit (a gift from Utata, obviously) and sipping $1,000 mimosas like it was water. Utata sauntered over, snapped his fingers, and the entire restaurant froze. Even the ice in the glasses stopped clinking. "Melania," Utata purred, "baby, what's this I hear about you leaving the game?" Melania didn't even flinch. "Tyreese. I told you, I'm retired." The European dude-Count Von Douchebag-stood up, puffing his chest like a peacock who just discovered steroids. "And I told her she doesn't have to work anymore. She's a lady now." Utata laughed. Not a chuckle. Not a giggle. A full-body, soul-shaking, "this nigga done lost his mind" laugh. "A lady? Melania, baby, you was never a lady. You was a queen. And queens don't sit around eatin' tiny-ass sandwiches with dudes who got less swag than a Target mannequin." Melania sighed, taking a sip of her mimosa. "Tyreese, I love him." Utata clutched his chest like she'd stabbed him. "Love? LOVE? Melania, baby, love is a scam. The only thing that's real in this world is money, power, and this dick." He gestured to his gold-chain-draped crotch for emphasis. Count Von Douchebag scoffed. "Your vulgarity is appalling." Utata grinned. "Nah, my vulgarity is profitable." He snapped his fingers again, and Big Drizz rolled in a wheelbarrow full of cash. "Melania, baby, I'll give you double what this broke-ass count got. Just come back to the team." Melania's eyes flickered. The count sweated. He knew he was outgunned. "Tyreese..." Melania hesitated. "I do miss the lifestyle..." "That's what I'm talkin' about!" Utata threw his hands up. "Baby, you can have both! You can be my top bitch and live in a castle! I'll buy you a fuckin' kingdom!" The count's face went pale. "You-you can't just-" "I can," Utata interrupted. "And I will." He pulled out his pimp phone (a bedazzled, diamond encrusted flip phone (remember this is the 2000's)) and dialed a number. "Yo, slimyy? Get me the Saudis. Tell 'em Tyreese need a country." He hung up. "Done. Melania, you got 24 hours to pack your shit. We leavin' for Qatar." Melania's eyes sparkled. The count fainted.The Pimp King's Lesson: As Utata and his crew rolled out, he turned to Big Drizz. "Lesson of the day, Drizz: Never let a ho retire. That's like lettin' a shark stop swimmin'. It ain't natural."Drizz nodded, scribbling in his Pimping 101 Notebook. "So what we do with the count?" Utata smirked. "We send him a fruit basket." "A what?" "A fruit basket," Utata repeated. "With a note." He pulled out a gold-embossed card and scribbled: "Dear Count Von Douchebag, Thanks for the warm-up. Next time, aim higher. -Tyreese (The Real King of Melania's Heart)" He handed it to Drizz. "And make sure the basket got nothing but watermelons." Drizz grinned. "You evil, boss." Utata leaned back in the Rolls, pouring himself another glass of Cristal. "Nah, Drizz. I'm just a businessman." And with that, the Pimp King of Wall Street rolled off into the sunset, leaving behind a trail of broken hearts, empty wallets, and one very confused European count. Moral of the story? Ain't no ho leaving Tyreese. And ain't no castle bigger than his ego.






Title: Who TF This Bastard Think He Is? Y?TË: Intro 2021

	The Year was 2001 and the destiny of a man known as J-son Smigth would soon begin. J-son was a depressing fuck, nobody liked him. You could compare this guy's likeability to one of Amy Schumer's "Comedy Shows''.  J-son hated everyone and everyone hated him, he used to think this was a good dynamic. But one day after his mom (who also hated him) decided to take a giant steaming nasty demonic mega poob on the pillow on his bed. J-son was borderline blind so he accidentally laid his ratty dreadlocks down on the mega poob, and he snapped. He had enough, J-son went downstairs and proceeded to beat his mother to the brink of death with the fridge door handle. J-son at this point was running away, with J-son's mom on the brink of death she called the police and told them everything. A few days passed and J-son had been staying in an alleyway in the neighboring town known as Cambridge. But he was getting sick of this life, every night he was being damn near drowned by the semen of crackheads who appeared to believe he was a fortnite prostitute. This was probably due to his massive dump truck of an ass. One day J-son was begging some random Taiwanese dude for a cigarette when a police officer noticed him from down the street. After all every cop in the city knew the mother beater with the fat dumpy named J-son Smigth. As J-son was getting arrested he was filled with hate, but patience. J-son was Sentenced to prison until 2021, 20 years in prison, damn. 20 years passed and J-son was released, and he was determined to make something of himself. So he did what any self respecting citizen would do, become a super gangster white boy rapper with lots of hoes and pinky rings. J-son went through many names throughout this year such as "Whiteboi Jesüs", "milf_fuckah", "Drake too", and "Daddy". But he eventually settled on the now world renowned name "Y?TË". Y?TË later became a platinum selling artist with the billboard top 100 hits like: "I LOVE LEAN", "made yo bitch ma bitch's bitch", and "God's Son's Plan". But Y?TË's journey as a successful rapper is not over yet.END








Title: Who's this goofy ass white boy with dreads? Y?TË PT2

	Darkness... thy name is... prison? J-son was alone in this dark prison for 10 long years. Being used as some bitch by the big black guy 3 cells down named Tyreese. "You better turn off that video call, and come here and kiss me on my hot mouth, I'm feeling ROMANTICAL.". J-son turned around in horror right before turning off the call with his still hospitalized mother, the call that would eventually change the trajectory of his life forever.  You see after a long and grueling 13.7 hours of being used as a cum dumpster by Tyreese and his 7'11" stature. J-son lay nearly lifeless on the floor. A mysterious black guy (not as large as Tyreese, nobody is as large as Tyreese) walked into the room. "Maneeee, what the fuck that nigga do to you?" J-son looks up from the massive puddle of semen he is currently laying down in the fetal position in The black man spoke again "Look at you nigga, you look like my sock after a solid 3 hours, get up boy". "Names Savage, 20 Savage". Turns out, 20 Savage was from the cell directly next to J- son's and he was listening to the video call he was on earlier with his mom. During that call J-son was telling his mom that when he got out he would be the most famous rapper of all time, a platinum selling artist. 20 Savage liked that, so he said "Well my little white friend, we have the same goal, how about we pair up?" "Sounds good bro, less goooo." exclaimed J-son. 20 Savage was being released about a year before J-son therefore that meant he would be in charge of the living situation for the two of them for when they get out. 9 years pass and 20 Savage is released, J-son and Savage say there emotional goodbyes (possible gay sex involved). J-son waited patiently for one final year, on his last day in prison, he was saying his final goodbyes to his other friends in prison "Bye Tyreese, Bye Crackie Jack, Bye Melvin (Melvin stole a homeless and orphaned child's expired chocolate bar to get into prison)" J-son stepped out the front door of the prison, 20 Savage was sitting in a 1995 Honda Civic EG hatchback waiting for J-son. J-son entered the civic with a smile, before they even said hi J-son spoke. "Whiteboi Jesüs, thats my name now, thats how i'll be known, remember it" "damn straight my nigga! Let's roll". And thus began the greatest rap duo of all time Savage and Whiteboi, killer combo. (Until J-son changed his name like 15 times).END





Title: Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Miter (P2), 2022

, as he tried to use his special power move, the "N-Word" . He fell to his knees and flew up into the sky. Sir Jesse Erle Miter was now a spirit and could now take over anyone's body. As he flew around the world at the speed of a gay snail he decided to take over the body of a high school teacher at the shittiest fucking highschool in all of his old town of Cambridge, Preston high school. Sir Jesse Erle Mitre was now in control of Mr Erle. The students came into the classroom and everything was normal, Mr Erle told everyone to get the fuck to work or else he'll rape you. Leem and Shaz were working on electrical. Leem smelly had a question to ask the teacher so he went over to ask him, as soon as he got over there Sir Jesse Erle Mitre pulled him into the wood room. He whispered "Liam you need to say the n word while using the mitre saw". Liam stood there in shock after what had just happened, Jesse Erle Mitre walked out of the room after that and started helping another student. As Liam walked out of the room he saw Jesse Erle Mitre wielding a hammer, he then started beating a piece of wood as hard as he could. Shazad came over and made a joke that he was beating his wife after she gave him the wrong hammer. Little did Shazad know that this is what was actually happening in Sir Jesse Erle Mitre's head. He liked beating his wife because she could do absolutely nothing about it. He would always scream "L shitter" "cope" "cry harder bozo" "liberal shit" "#Packwatch ""FreeTopG". END






Title: The Undeniable Cruelty of this world. Based Battalion vs Sir Jesse Pinkman Erle Mitre 2022 (P1)

	When one is faced with the undeniable cruelty of this universe, all they can do is wilt away and fade into the fabric of space and time. In reality your life is nothing, your life has no effect on this ever expanding universe. You are simply a blip in the timeline... but what happens when you defy that logic, what happens when your life is extended, could you truly make a difference? A real contribution to the vastness of existence? That's a question pondered only by those who are chosen to be a true defender. But before one may walk the path of eternal life, one must do battle, a truly epic battle... (Mitre Saw noises) "YOU FOOLISH CHILDREN! HOW COULD YOU POSSIBLY THINK YOU COULD DEFEAT THE LIKES OF ME!" Jesse exclaimed. "You damn bastard, LOOK WHAT YOU DID TO MY SHOES!" Ty screamed angrily at the metallic menace standing in front of him. "YOU CUT A FUCKING HOLE IN THEM, A BIG ASS FUCKING HOLE!". "Ty calm down we all know those Jordans are fake as fuck" Shazad snapped back. This battle is taking place in the middle of King Street in the beautifully rotten town of Cambridge. 11 people stand in the middle of the broken street, the based battalion, 10 high schoolers who don't want to be there, and one crazed maniac who created a woodworking tool. Jesse had genetically modified his body and fused himself with this giant mech suit equipped with enough blades to put even the Romans to shame. "Enough talk, its time to fuck up this nig" Liam said as he whipped out his almost inoperable phone. Liam fumbles through his menus for a few seconds then stops. You could see a slight smirk on Liam's face as he presses play. The hint of a beat starts bumping in the background, its Donda III, Kanye's unreleased masterpiece of an album. Liam does a quick stretch and then zip, he's gone. Nobody can see him, Jesse was taken aback by this maneuver. Liam then spoke "Can't keep up? Cope L Ratio Shitter". It sounded as if his voice was all around the group, like 3D spatial audio, on that Dolby Atmos type shit. The all of a sudden Bang Jesse's Mech arm is bent in the wrong direction, sparks flying everywhere. "Speed Blitz" Liam was too fast for Jesse to keep up. As Liam slowly picked away at Jesse's mechanical limbs, Jesse grew more and more aggressive. He was reaching a breaking point. All of a sudden in a fit of rage Jesse swung his giant arm, Liam ran straight into that metal arm and was knocked out cold. "Fuck, Liams out cold!" says Cole as Liams unconscious body flops down beside him. "This is bad, he's stronger than we expected, there is no way in hell he could have predicted Liams movements! How did he do that?" exclaimed Joe. "HAHAHAHA'' Jesse laughed with this maniacal look on his face, a look that could strike fear into even the mightiest of warriors. The 9 remaining members of the battalion looked up in fear as Jesse Erle Mitre Silhouette was getting larger in the shadow of the setting sun. A silent rage was bubbling up behind the group of guys. "Alright boys, let's get black..." Noah grumbled through his gritting teeth. This battle is only beginning... To be continued... END






Title: irrationality, Yoko Cover story, 2023

	There is nothing more human than being irrational. Do those words mean anything? When eyou think about it, what really is irrationality? Is it ignorance?.. Or perhaps it is a false truth made by those who couldn't accept the way others felt. Either way, irrationality is a beautiful thing. Yoko, while being content with dying in light of a new Spinjitzu Master(tm)(tm) rising. Bro did not consent to being stuck in a fucking stone, Yoko hated rocks, they reminded him of the older boys back at the village who used to pelt him with rocks because of how different Yoko was, it didnt help that Yoko's real name was Yokohannas. "Sounds like Yokohummus..." thought Yoko (Yoko was also not a fan of hummus). Yoko had enough of this bullshit, first he was named after the worlds worst type of dip, and now he was fused with the worlds lamest type of geological feature, A FUCKIN' ROCK. Yoko didn't give a shit about all the unfathomable powers being fused with the rock of time would grant him. All he cared about was that he was fused with some gay ass stone. Yoko was also upset that he lost his human body, while it's true he didn't have a brain to produce any hormones and whatnot, but he soon found out spirits get horny too. But there was a problem, Yoko didn't have a body, THIS MF HAD NO MEAT TO BEAT! Yoko wanted to punch something in anger but, BRO HAD NO ARMS TO PUNCH WITH. Yoko had no way of letting his emotions out. All he did was scream, but of course he had no mouth, which means he also can't ever smoke his favorite Bhutanese shadow garden grown dark evil pack , watered exclusively by blood of 36 dragons because he's a fucking rock. Yoko remains in agony, for now.... One would call Yoko irrational for having these ridiculous feelings about rocks and hummus but after all, what's more human than being irrational.END
